                           ADVANCE PRAISE


“I have known Mark for years, and he is one of those people who don’t just
talk the talk in real estate, but walk the walk.”
 —Joe Fairless, host of the Best Ever Real Estate Investing Advice podcast


“When it comes to passive income without headaches, there are only a few
people I recommend, and Mark is one of them.”
                        —Ari Meisel, author of Less Doing, More Living


“If Mark Podolsky didn’t exist, we’d need to invent him to make our real
estate lives easier.”
                —Keith Weinhold, founder and owner, Get Rich Education


“As a professional real estate investor, it always amazes me how many
different ways there are to make money. It’s also critical for all investors to
find ways not to just “do deals,” but to generate passive income, as it’s a
critical resource to what we’re all looking for: income while we sleep. Dirt
Rich is a refreshing and exciting perspective on how to create passive
income without having to deal with tenants, termites, or many of the other
headaches typical of traditional ‘passive’ investments.”
                             —Mike Hambright, Chief Nerd, FlipNerd.com


“My friend Mark Podolsky is master at one of the most overlooked and
easiest strategies for making a lot of money with real estate. In Dirt Rich,
Mark reveals the strategy that he used to go from broke to millionaire, but it
doesn’t stop there. He not only outlines the steps that you can take to start
with a little bit of money and create cash flow from buying and selling land,
but in his story you’ll also find the keys to a happy and fulfilling life.”
       —Joanne Musa, the Tax Lien Lady, best-selling author of Tax Lien
       Investing Secrets: How You Can Get 8%­–36% Return on Your Money
    without the Typical Risk of Real Estate or the Uncertainty of the Stock
                                                                          Market


“I have known Mark for years, and he is a true pioneer with a wealth of
knowledge to share about the niche of land investing.”
                                            —Seth Williams, retipster.com


“No smoke, no fluff, this is the raw, honest, and totally doable way to go
from dirt poor to dirt rich in land investing from the guy who grew wealth
from the ground up. What’s rare in the guru world is finding a guy like
Mark who does what he teaches and makes as much money in the business
as teaching the business. I trust Mark and his integrity and highly
recommend this book to anyone—either starting out or deep into real estate
investing—for a strategy I wish I’d started with before I bought 150 houses
and had tenants coming out my ears.”
   —Damion Lupo, CCIM, author of The Quick & Dirty Guide to the QRP
                                                     and Black Belt Wealth
Copyright © 2018 Mark Podolsky
       All rights reserved.
    ISBN: 978-1-5445-1076-7
                 CONTENTS
WHY I HATE BUSINESS BOOKS
1. BIRTH OF A LAND GEEK
2. THE DISEASE OF SOLO ECONOMIC DEPENDENCY AND HOW
TO CURE IT
3. WHY LAND IS A UNIQUE ASSET (AND THE IDEAL BUSINESS)
4. HOW TO PRINT YOUR OWN MONEY (LEGALLY!)
5. THE NUMBER ONE TRAIT REQUIRED FOR SUCCESS IN LAND
(AND REAL ESTATE IN GENERAL)
6. EMBRACE THE SUCK: HOW TO NOT LOSE YOUR MIND
WHILE BECOMING DIRT RICH
7. DEAL FLOW: THE LIFEBLOOD OF YOUR BUSINESS
8. KNOW THY PROPERTY: THE DUE DILIGENCE CHECKLIST
9. DEAL! THE ART OF CLOSING
10. HOW TO MARKET LAND
11. IT’S ALL IN YOUR HEAD
12. AVOIDING THE BIGGEST MISTAKE
ADDITIONAL RESOURCES
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
          Why I Hate Business Books
I love apps such as Blinkist and Hardbound that take business books and
extract all the best ideas. Almost every business book I’ve read has a simple
concept explained in the first fifteen pages, and then the other 250 pages are
anecdotes, science, and other extraneous information to hammer the point
home to the reader.

If you don’t want to read this book in its entirety and want the quick blink,
here it is: you have a story, and you can change that story. Solo economic
dependency means if you aren’t working, you aren’t making any money. It’s
not good. Get out of solo economic dependency by doing this: buy assets
pennies on the dollar. Sell those assets on a subscription basis for passive
income. Repeat ad infinitum.

There you go! The whole book in a few sentences. If you’d like to read
further, my wish for you is for your mind to open up to the possibilities of
land investing and how it can improve your life on every level—more time,
more money, and more freedom. I also don’t want you to make the same
dumb mistakes I did personally and professionally, so it’s all laid out below.

I hope to see you on the other side.

To engineering your success,

Mark J. Podolsky

a.k.a. the Land Geek
                            CHAPTER 1

                1.   Birth of a Land Geek
Suppose making a lot of money is your goal and suppose you make enough
so that making more has no marginal utility. Then it would be foolish to
continue to have making money be your goal. People who acquire things
beyond their usefulness not only will derive little or no marginal gains from
these acquisitions, but they also will experience negative consequences, as
with any form of gluttony. So, because of the law of diminishing returns, it
is only natural that seeking something new, or seeking new depths of
something old, is required to bring us satisfaction.
                                     —Ray Dalio, Bridgewater Hedge Fund
HOW MUCH IS ENOUGH? A PARABLE
The American businessman was at the pier of a small coastal Mexican
village when a small boat with just one fisherman docked. In the bottom of
the small boat were several large yellowfin tuna. The businessman
complimented the Mexican on the quality of his fish and asked how long it
took to catch them. The Mexican replied, “Only a little while, senor.”

“So why don’t you stay out longer and catch more fish?” the businessman
asked.

“I earn enough to cover my family’s immediate needs,” answered the
fisherman, shrugging.

“But what do you do with the rest of your time?”

The fisherman answered, “I sleep late, fish a little, play with my children,
take a siesta with my wife, Maria, stroll into the village each evening where
I sip wine and play guitar with my amigos. I have a full and busy life,
senor.”

The American scoffed. “I am a Harvard MBA, and I could help you. You
should spend more time fishing and with the proceeds buy a bigger boat.
With the proceeds from the bigger boat you could buy several boats;
eventually, you would have a fleet of fishing boats. Instead of selling your
catch to a middleman, you would sell directly to the processor and, in time,
open your own cannery. You would control the product, processing, and
distribution. You would need to leave this small village and move to
Mexico City, then Los Angeles, and eventually New York City where you
would run your expanding enterprise.”

The Mexican fisherman asked, “But senor, how long will this all take?”

“Fifteen to twenty years.”

“So long? But what then, senor?”
The businessman laughed and said, “That’s the best part! When the time is
right, you would announce an IPO and sell your company stock to the
public and become very rich. You would make millions of dollars.”

“Millions, senor? Then what?”

“Then you would retire, of course. Move to a small coastal fishing village
where you would sleep late, fish a little, play with your grandkids, take a
siesta with your wife, stroll to the village in the evenings where you could
sip wine and play your guitar with your amigos.”

The fisherman just smiled. “Good day, senor.” Tipping his straw hat politely
to the American visitor, he strolled away into the village.

The businessman shuddered, the shards of the glass bubble in which he had
encased himself shattering all around. The folly of what he had just been
saying became clear, his own miserable life reflected with nauseating clarity
in the fisherman’s eyes. In one life-changing moment, he realized how
miserable he really was and how much he dreaded going back to work. He
laughed uncontrollably until the tears ran down his cheeks. Shaking his
head, he went back to his hotel. The next day, he flew home and quit his
high-stress, sixty-hour-a-week job.

Much of our lives are spent in the elusive quest for money. We want more,
more, and then more. Dollars lose their meaning. Once we have enough,
they eventually become nothing but an addictive video game. Dollars aren’t
an end in themselves. You can be successful as long as you bring in enough
money to continue your business and be able to do what you want to do in
life.
HOW I BECAME A HUNGRY GHOST: PARKINSON’S LAW
OF MONEY
It was 2010, and in a year and a half, I had gone from a comfortable six-
figure income and a lavish lifestyle to having to short-sell my house and sell
my car to make ends meet. To say my ego was crushed was an
understatement. I felt like a total failure—a poor provider, a selfish
husband, and a father who had let his children down in the most dramatic
way possible. One night, back at our modest rental home at around 1:00
a.m. after staying out late drinking with a buddy and feeling horrible about
my circumstances, I had a panic attack, passed out, and cut my chin when I
collapsed. I remember thinking right before I passed out how badly I had
disappointed my kids. Then I screamed to my wife and hit the floor. She
took me to the hospital. I was lucky I didn’t really hurt myself on the way
down or when I landed. And if I’d been fifteen years older and not in
excellent physical shape, it could have been a heart attack instead of a panic
attack, and I might not be here to tell you this story.

Looking back, I realize that over the five years or so before my crisis, my
wife and I had been slowly turning into what Chinese Buddhists call hungry
ghosts while still alive. Some people, in this Chinese tradition, become
hungry ghosts after they die because they were ungenerous and refused to
share with those in need, others because they were simply greedy and
avaricious. One type of hungry ghost has a mouth in which all food and
drink becomes fire and burns them. Another has a pinhole mouth, so that it
can never get enough to eat. We had forgotten how much was enough, so
what we had was never enough.

Every happiness study states that after around $75K in income, our
happiness only marginally increases up to $250K. After $250K, more
money will not increase happiness and in some cases can actually cause
unhappiness. So the question I often ask myself is, “How much is enough?”
The answer, I think, for most people anyway, is $10K/month in passive
income. Ideally, $20K/month in passive income would be the ultimate goal,
but that $10K/month will get most people completely free to work when
they want, with whom they want, and where they want.
Unfortunately, I forgot about that a few years back.
MY STORY
But it’s easy to see how it can happen. Flash back to 2001. I’m on a
treadmill of misery and exhaustion at a job I hate. My wife and I have a six-
month-old baby boy. We’re living paycheck to paycheck and can’t even
make ends meet. And we’re having one of our most frequent arguments. My
wife wants to buy organic baby food, but I’ve been looking at the pennies in
the bank account and I can’t justify the extra cost. Does this kind of marital
conflict sound familiar? I can’t say that any one of these fights, or being
perpetually almost broke, or the wretchedness of my job was what
cemented my determination to create a new kind of life for me and my
family.

As you might guess from what I’ve just told you, I didn’t grow up rich. My
father worked as a wholesale grocer, and my mother was a legal secretary. I
grew up the same way so many middle-class kids do. My father was a bit of
a workaholic, and I didn’t see him much as a kid except on weekends. My
mom struggled to raise my sister and me like a single mother, except that
she had my dad’s income. And both of them told us, “Get a good education,
and get a good job.” And you know what? I did—the education part
anyway. I graduated from Indiana University and was planning to go to law
school.

However, I got the travel bug and moved to Australia for six months instead
of going to law school. Like most brooding young men, I was trying to
figure out what I wanted to do with my life. So then I just bounced around
from job to job until I met my wife and moved to Arizona.

As a newlywed, I became an investment banker working with private equity
groups in mergers and acquisitions—a high-pressure, small salary, basically
a commission-only job. My work was to cold-call business owners and
somehow miraculously convince them to let me sell their business or
represent them in buying a business, despite having no knowledge of their
company. Needless to say, constant rejection was a way of life.

To make matters worse, I had a forty-five-minute commute to work there
and back. I had an overbearing boss who would second-guess every
decision I made and every action I took. He loved to micromanage me
every minute of every day. So each morning, as I was jolted awake by my
buzzing alarm clock, I’d feel violently ill at the thought of going to work.
This job was sucking the life out of me, crushing my soul, and destroying
my confidence. Some days I’d go home after work and not even have the
energy to speak to my wife. I’d be so run-down that she would almost have
to force me to eat dinner rather than go directly to bed.

I was fed up with a work environment that was based on lies, politics, and
ass-kissing. It made me feel dirty, because if I wanted to get ahead and
really succeed as an investment banker, I would have to surrender my
integrity and personal values.

No matter how hard I worked, at the end of the day I had no control over
my income.
BIRTH OF A LAND GEEK
Fate intervened one day when my firm hired a new banker who was
working a side hustle of land flipping. We had a beer together, and he told
me how he was making money hand over fist buying land at county tax-
foreclosure auctions. I was amazed by what he was telling me, so I wrote
down his secrets on a bar napkin and said to myself, “This could be it.”

So I began looking into it seriously. If anything, I hated my job even more
because I wasn’t getting enough sleep. But I felt better about my life
already because I had a goal beyond getting through the next day, the next
week, the next month, to the next paycheck. Finally, after many late nights
researching, reading articles online, and reading various books borrowed
from the local library, it was time for me to take action.

I remember my first auction in New Mexico like it was yesterday. I was a
nervous wreck. My hands were clammy with sweat. My heart raced with
anxiety; it felt like it was going to thump its way right through my ribs and
out of my chest. I had just spent my last $3,000 of savings—savings that
were meant for car repairs—on some land!

I went home proudly and boasted to my wife about all the land I had bought
at this auction. I remember her asking me in a frightened voice, “What do
we do if you can’t sell it?”

I said, “Worst-case scenario, we own land! It’s not a temporary fad. It won’t
spoil or become obsolete. It’s land, and it lasts forever. We’ll be able to sell
it,” I assured her.

And sure enough, it did sell—even sooner than I had expected. I had bought
ten parcels of land at an average price of $300 each and sold them all in
thirty days at an average price of $1,200. That was a 300 percent return on
my investment! Those thirty days were one of the most thrilling roller-
coaster rides of my life.

Even though I had just transformed $3,000 into $12,000, my wife was
terrified. She was supportive, but I got the feeling she thought that I was
playing a fool’s game, and we had more than a few yelling matches about it.
She was scared. I was scared and we decided that I should keep pressing on
and see if the process was repeatable.

Despite our combined anxiety,, I took the $9,000 profit from the first
auction and went to my second auction in Arizona. This time around, I
raked in more than $90,200 selling the parcels I had bought over the next
six months.

Finally, our fears melted away as we realized that I had made the right
decision. Even better, I knew in my heart that I would be able to buy and
sell land full time and earn more money than I did at my dead-end, soul-
crushing sales job.

Over the next eighteen months, I set out to master every detail of this
business. I was on a mission. I wanted to look my wife in the eye with
confidence and tell her I could do this full time and quit my job forever.

I worked like a man with a fire under his butt, and those eighteen months
transformed my entire life forever. I felt like a hero to my wife and baby
boy. I created systems and blueprints that worked with great reliability.
Time and time again, I kept finding amazing land deals using my systems.
And then, I figured out how to turn these deals into passive income—the
holy grail of income!

Now, don’t get me wrong, I made a ton of mistakes along the way. In the
early days, I learned the hard way. I fell on my face more than a few times.
But I just picked myself up and kept moving forward. And now, learning
how to work smart has paid off big-time, because the blueprints and
shortcut systems that I have put in place prevent all those costly mistakes.

It was an amazing and rewarding adventure that I’ll never forget. I don’t
think my friend at the firm will ever realize just how much he helped me
that night he shared his stories and secrets with me over a beer.

The great thing is, now I have been able to help other people the same way
my buddy had helped me. I’ve helped people get rid of that sick feeling in
their stomach that comes along with living paycheck to paycheck. I’ve
taught people how to successfully buy and sell land and create a passive
income. That’s part of the meaning that financial freedom has allowed me
to create in my life.

And here’s the point. I’m a reasonably intelligent guy, but honestly, I’m
nothing special. The difference between me and so many other people still
slaving away doing meaningless crap in cubicle hell is that right at the point
when I couldn’t stand it anymore, I met opportunity in the form of my
friend and what he had figured out. I already had the motivation, and now I
had the means.

There’s no reason you can’t do what I did. I can show you the means. You
bring the motivation.

Oh, I forgot to mention that when I first started out in this business, my
parents were mortified that I was taking on all this risk. “You quit your job,
and you’re working out of your house full time?” they asked with petrified
looks on their faces. “How will you afford the mortgage? Or life insurance?
Or baby food?” They thought I should follow conventional wisdom—get a
job at a big company and retire at sixty-five. Of course, that conventional
wisdom was already out of date. Defined-benefit pensions are largely a
thing of the past, 401(k)s are subject to the manipulated vagaries of the
stock and bond markets, and a lot of companies, if you’re anywhere below
C-suite, may kick you to the curb shortly before you reach retirement age
and hire someone younger. But that wasn’t why I kept going with my new
business; it was because I was doing well in it.

When they saw how I was bringing in more and more money each month,
and how I was building up a very impressive savings account, my mom and
dad wanted to learn what I was doing. I even put my parents’ money into a
few deals so they could share in the profits.

So part of my success was not just making money doing something I
enjoyed; it was gaining the confidence of my wife and my parents and
having them see the life I was creating for us. That felt even better than the
money.

Now back to where it all went wrong.
In 2005, after making an average of more than $800K a year flipping raw
land and working only a few hours a day, I began ramping up my material
lifestyle, thinking this was the key to happiness. I bought a $1 million-plus
house and even had it professionally renovated. I put my three children in
expensive private schools. Eating out at restaurants, once reserved only for
special occasions, became a regular weekend ritual. I remember having my
parents over and bringing in a $250 steak dinner from Mastro’s Steakhouse.
I flew to Malibu to buy a lightly used Lexus GS430 to enjoy my first luxury
car, even though I’m not a car guy and my Camry had less than 30,000
miles and was paid off. We had a nanny three days a week, we hired a
housekeeper five days a week, and I was so proud to tell people that I could
afford all this help for my wife whom never even asked for it. On the
business side, I became complacent. Instead of looking at ways to build my
business or become more efficient with systems and automation, I started a
daily yoga practice, hiked for two hours a day, and brought an Xbox game
console into my office to “blow off steam.”

Those activities could have been beneficial in themselves—I still do them (I
threw out the Xbox)—if I hadn’t taken my eye off the ball and become
obsessed with false symbols of success. My family, friends, and associates
thought I had “made it.” I looked successful, yet felt empty. It wasn’t
enough. And because I was turning into a hungry ghost, it could never have
been enough. The sad reality was, I didn’t feel like I was enough. So we
began taking bigger trips during the summer. Meanwhile, business just kept
humming along, as 2006 revenues exceeded 2005’s. And the more I earned,
the more we spent.
PARKINSON’S LAW OF MONEY
Basically, without my being aware of it, what I call Parkinson’s law of
money had taken control of my life. When we become obsessed with the
pursuit of money and what it can buy, a form of Parkinson’s law kicks in,
even when our income rises. The original Parkinson’s law states: “Work
expands to fill the time allotted for its completion.” Well, the law applies to
money as well—something like, “Spending expands to consume available
income.”

Once we succumb to hungry ghost syndrome, the more money we make,
the more we spend, and in the process we create our own prison of expenses
and find that true financial freedom—and the meaning we can add to our
lives when we attain it—keeps dancing out of reach. What should be
something like heaven on earth becomes hellish, because like all unhappy
souls in Buddhist tradition, we create our own hells of emptiness and our
always unsatisfied desire for more. My wife and I were trapped in that
emptiness. Our marriage was suffering as our self-respect began to erode.
We were basically living a life of greed and gluttony, and yet neither of us
had the emotional vocabulary or moral compass to get us back on track to
what was truly important and what made us happy.

Thankfully (which is strange to type), the Great Recession of 2008 rolled
around and forced us to examine our lives. My income began to slowly
drop as the financial crisis went into full swing and we entered the Great
Recession. Bit by bit, we cut back on the housekeeping and nanny. I sold
my Lexus to pay taxes and leased a Prius. We had to take the kids out of
private school and put them back into public school. We stopped eating out
as much. Finally, in 2010, I had to short-sell the million-dollar house. We
went from 4,500 square feet to a 1,700-square-foot rental. We had
concealed the emptiness from ourselves with ego-feeding pride in our stuff
and our lifestyle. But “Pride goes before a fall,” so the cliché goes. My ego
took a hard kick to the head. And when I had my panic attack, I literally
took that fall headfirst.
GETTING TO WHAT MATTERS AND BEING THE PEBBLE
After that, I entered therapy and began the process of learning what was
truly important to me. As we lowered our personal overhead, the business
was still providing a six-figure income, and we became much happier
without all the stuff and the constant expense of acquiring and maintaining
all the stuff. Gradually, I stopped being a hungry ghost, and so did my wife.
We started spending more time together as a family, having game nights
and playing charades, going swimming and hiking, eating out a lot less, as
we could no longer afford to go out every week and hire a sitter. My respect
for my wife increased as she stuck by me while many of our friends were
getting divorced. My children became less spoiled and enjoyed the simpler
routine of our life. I began meditating and became grounded in values such
as time with family, good work, and gratitude for the many blessings we
were afforded.

With the knowledge we could survive anything together, my marriage
became stronger. My children benefited from our relationship becoming
anchored in how we aligned our values and sacrificed our egos for our
family. My business began to thrive again as I innovated and created
systems.

So my crash was a blessing in disguise. Today, as the economy has
recovered and my income has increased dramatically from where it got to in
2008, our lifestyle remains frugal and grounded in what really makes us
happy: experiences, growth, and contribution. I’ll expand on this concept
later. But for now, if you have ever had to sacrifice your ego and have come
out of it stronger, we have that in common. If you have ever had to look
your children in the eye and tell them that something they loved was no
longer economically viable for your family, we have that in common, too. I
look back on those experiences and can now say with certainty that what
the consumer marketing world tells us will make us happy is truly a recipe
for unhappiness.

However, if we can create enough passive income to exceed our fixed
expenses, we free up oceans of energy to contribute in meaningful ways and
fulfill our life’s purpose—or at least to have enough time to explore
different avenues in the pursuit of answering that higher calling. In the next
chapter, I’ll explain that the key is not just creating passive income but also
in multiplying your sources of income. That’s how I freed myself from what
I call solo economic dependency.

When I was just starting out, I never dreamed I would do million-dollar
land deals and flip thousands of parcels. When I started out buying and
selling land, all I wanted was to be able to quit my job and make enough
money to pay my bills and support my family. That’s a reasonable goal,
right?

But I started building momentum, and my business just kept growing and
growing. In a few short years, I was able to create the ideal working
situation of the three Ws—working when I want, where I want, and with
whom I want.

Here’s a great example of the first W. Because I only work when I want, my
beautiful wife, Rachel, my wonderful kids, Noah, Elan, and Ella, and I go
on multiple family vacations every year. One of our favorite places to go is
the Ritz-Carlton, Dove Mountain. We book an amazing suite. We go
swimming, we dine on five-star meals, we go hiking, and we don’t stress
about the cost of the vacation. We just enjoy it!

Now, I’m not telling you this to brag. I’m telling you to make this point: no
matter what we do, no matter where we go, no matter how long we stay, we
don’t worry about anything. And when we come home, we have more
money in our bank account than we had when we left.

But a word of caution: this is true because we still have a family budget.
Sure, day to day we live very comfortably, but we don’t live in a huge
mansion and we don’t drive luxury cars that stretch our budget. My
spending beyond fixed expenses is mostly on experiences—having fun with
my wonderful family, traveling and seeing the world. That’s one thing I
learned from my time as a hungry ghost.

The other important thing I learned that I need to mention now is that to feel
fulfilled, I need to give back. If I can help just one person, there’s a huge
ripple effect like the ripples in the surface of a pond when you drop a
pebble in the water. They just keep spreading. I’m not just helping that one
person; I’m helping all their relationships, so that literally everyone that
person touches is affected. Think about it. If you have less financial stress,
you’re more relaxed and life becomes more enjoyable. Your family
becomes less stressed. They all start doing better. When they do better, they
start helping other people out. It’s an exponential effect. So that’s why I
started The Land Geek and why I wrote this book. I want to be the pebble
and help you become the pebble for those important to you in your life.

My goal for you is after reading this book, your mind will open to the
possibilities and opportunities not just in my land investing niche but also in
life. You will learn the steps I took to create passive income as well as how
I did this. However, these concepts can be applied in every business.
Simply put, you will learn how to buy assets pennies on the dollar. I just
happen to think my raw land asset is the best and simplest to invest in.
Nevertheless, even if you’ve never invested in real estate, my hope for you
is that you will take the concepts we discuss in this book and apply them.
Knowledge is power. And with power comes action. Don’t stop with the
knowledge. Apply it. Here we grow.
                            CHAPTER 2

      The Disease of Solo Economic
      2.




     Dependency and How to Cure It
Imagine you’re a dentist. You’re doing well on the face of it—your practice
is pretty successful. But your work is the only way you clear your monthly
overhead and make a profit. You have a recurring dream that you’re pulling
a big wagon uphill. Sitting in that wagon are your dental technician, your
office assistant, the hygienist who comes in three days a week, your
accountant, your insurance agents, your landlord, your dental suppliers, and
the dental equipment reps. And if you unhitch yourself from that heavy
wagon, you know it’s going to start rolling downhill, faster and faster. You
wake from that dream in a cold sweat.

And you know what? Your attorney may be having the same bad dream,
only with the legal profession’s equivalents sitting in her wagon. But her
problem is basically just the same as yours.

Now imagine you’re a bit lower down on the professional food chain—a
freelance graphic designer and web developer. You aren’t paying any staff,
but you have office rent and bills to pay, especially your phone and internet
service—you need premium bandwidth and connection speeds for all those
big files—not to mention software upgrades, software as a service (SaaS)
subscriptions, and cloud storage. And you’re constantly threatened by
“mushroom” companies—the kind that have an office or two poking up in
the United States but whose real staffs of dozens of designers and
developers are hidden away in Bangalore or Bulgaria, earning pennies on
every dollar you charge so that their firms can always underbid you. That
means you’re working harder and harder and retraining yourself constantly
as you search for niches where there’s still a decent hourly rate for your
services.

Finally, imagine you’re me as I was shortly before I became the Land Geek.
As I talked about in the previous chapter, I was an investment banker doing
cold calling, a miserable job working for a horrible boss, with a wife and
new baby at home—and barely scraping by from month to month. Like so
many working people in the United States today, I was in a Red Queen’s
race.
THE RED QUEEN’S RACE
The Red Queen’s race happens in Lewis Carroll’s Through the Looking-
Glass when the Red Queen and Alice are running without stopping but also
without moving forward.

“Well, in our country,” said Alice, still panting a little, “you’d generally get
to somewhere else—if you run very fast for a long time, as we’ve been
doing.”

“A slow sort of country!” said the Queen. “Now, here, you see, it takes all
the running you can do, to keep in the same place. If you want to get
somewhere else, you must run at least twice as fast as that!”

In fact, most Americans are now running as fast as they can, working as
many hours as they can—and not even staying in the same place but slowly
slipping backward. That’s why so many couples fight about things, such as
the price of healthy baby food, that they shouldn’t ever have to fight about.
That’s why in most families in America today, both wife and husband are
working outside the home, sometimes as many as three jobs between them.
And according to a recent study, most don’t even have $1,000 in their
checking and savings accounts combined.

That’s the Red Queen’s race, and more and more people are losing that race
or barely holding their own. The days when you could go to work for a
company in your twenties and count on a job for life are gone. Often, if you
did a reasonably good job, advance within the company ranks, you’d have a
defined-benefit pension waiting for you at sixty-five; that’s long gone. In
the vast majority of cases, job security is a thing of the past, as is income
security.
SOLO ECONOMIC DEPENDENCY: THE TRAP
To understand how I came to view the implications of all this, let’s flash
back to the first job I got straight out of college, when I was twenty-three
years old. I was a dental business broker. Most of my days consisted of two
activities: I helped dentists grow their practices through mergers, and I
helped retiring dentists sell their practices. At twenty-three, seriously wet
behind the ears, I had no real idea what I was doing when I started.
However, I was lucky enough to acquire a mentor at the company named
Raj, who had both an MBA and a degree in chemical engineering. Raj
taught me how to create pro formas—the financial statements and
projections prepared by the seller of a business to show prospective buyers
—how to recast earnings, and how to appraise dental practices. However,
that was just the nuts and bolts of dental brokering.

What I really learned there was that dentists, doctors, chiropractors, and
most other people in the business world were afflicted with a disease that I
call solo economic dependency. From our perspective as brokers who saw
the balance sheets, it looked as if the dentist was working for his staff and
suppliers and not the other way around. That’s because if he didn’t have his
hands in a patient’s mouth, he wasn’t making any money.

Since then, I’ve come to understand that the same condition afflicts the
great majority. If you have a regular job, think about how much time each
month you spend on that job working for your landlord or your mortgage
lender, how much time you spend working for whoever owns the note on
your car, how much of it you spend working for your phone company and
your ISP, and so on. A lot, right? So no wonder that when you have solo
economic dependency, there’s a good chance you’ll end up as another
contestant in the Red Queen’s race, going nowhere fast and getting older
day by day as your life is used up in the endless struggle. Ouch.
THE DREAM OF THE PERFECT BUSINESS
Thinking about the situation our dentist clients were in, Raj and I would
dream and debate about the perfect business. We concluded that the perfect
business would have a few essential characteristics:

  1. No physical inventory

  2. A one-time sale and then recurring revenue

  3. Built-in pain or hassle for the customer to opt out of that service or
     product

  4. A niche without competitive pricing pressures

Can you guess what we first decided would be the perfect business based on
these criteria? Wait for it…selling life insurance. It certainly met the first
three criteria. Unfortunately, life insurance presented some major problems.

To begin with, selling life insurance is highly competitive. Second, it’s not
much fun to actually sell; most people avoid their life insurance agents like
the plague, and you have to keep prodding them with emails and other
communications to get them to pay attention to their policies. Third, there
are pricing pressures, as life insurance is a commodity. Not so perfect.

Software companies such as Microsoft, which in those days ruled the
personal computer software market almost unchallenged through Windows
and Office—or Oracle, which similarly dominated the database market—
looked as though they might be the perfect business at that time. After all,
they met all four criteria by the early 1990s. No physical inventory, one-
time sale and recurring revenue, huge pain and hassle to opt out, and little
or no competitive pressure. Think “installed base.” That installed base—
software installed on countless millions of computers in offices around the
world, which transitioning away from in even a medium-sized business is
hugely costly and time-consuming—is the most important reason Oracle
and Microsoft are still multibillion-dollar companies. But even before
Apple’s rise to market prominence after the return of Steve Jobs to the
company, we could see the continual pressure to constantly innovate within
the Microsoft model. And as we’ve seen from Microsoft’s subsequent
history, under innovation pressure, even a giant can stumble.

Well, after working with Raj, I got a job at an investment banking firm that
specialized in mergers and acquisitions with private equity groups buying
up medium-sized companies in leveraged buyouts. During my five years of
working in that industry, I probably looked at more than a thousand
companies. And after speaking with hundreds of CEOs and CFOs, often of
really interesting companies doing really ingenious things with really
creative business models, always in the back of my mind I could hear Raj’s
voice whispering to me, “Is this the perfect business?” The answer, on
reflection, was always no.
SAYING GOOD-BYE TO THE RED QUEEN: STEPS TO THE
PERFECT BUSINESS
In the last chapter, I told you how things were for me and my family right
before, by a stroke of amazing luck, I met my friend and took action on the
land business. I started buying and selling raw land on a booming web
platform called eBay, and my average profit was 300 percent. That’s why I
was scribbling frantically on bar napkins.

Buying and selling raw land all by itself looked like the perfect business—
almost:

     Unlike almost anything else you can buy, raw land lasts forever.
     Not only that, but raw land can easily be improved to increase its
     value.
     Yet unlike a commercial building or a private home—or anything else
     you might put there to improve it—raw land has a low cost of
     ownership.
     And even undeveloped, every piece of land is unique, and even though
     it is a commodity, it has tremendous pricing flexibility.

The best part about raw land, as you recall I told my wife when I got into
the business, was that even if I couldn’t sell my land, at least we owned it!
Our land was an asset that cost very little to own, that would increase in
value, and that we actually had control over. We couldn’t eat money, I told
her, but if we had to, we could cultivate our land and live off it. So land was
the ultimate asset to own.

It’s easy to see how buying and selling raw land met Raj’s and my perfect
business criteria 1 and 4: no physical inventory (the land itself doesn’t
count, because it just sits there) and little in the way of competitive pricing
pressure, because every piece of land is unique. Criterion 3 doesn’t really
count in a simple land sale: once the buyer signs the deed, the land belongs
to the buyer and you, the seller, have the cash. Plus, you don’t have to
worry about maintaining or protecting the land.
But what about criterion 3—a one-time sale and then recurring revenue?
That was the missing piece in my friend’s business model, which made it
less than perfect. There was no ongoing relationship with the customer—the
buyer—and no recurring revenue. The answer, I discovered, was owner
financing. I’ll be talking a lot more about this in later chapters, but here’s
the basic idea. You buy a property for $0.20 to $0.30 on the dollar, and then
you sell it for full market value or a slight market discount on a note with
interest. In many cases, you get your initial investment back from just the
down payment when you sell it on easy financing terms like an easy
automobile payment. Think about it. A lot of prospective customers might
not be able to afford paying thousands of dollars in cash, but they can afford
to make easy payments of $299 or so a month. So when you start selling the
land you’ve bought with owner financing, you have not only got your
recurring revenue, but you’ve also just tremendously expanded your
customer base. And the more owners you have making those monthly
payments, the less solo your income will be.

Say you have ten customers paying installments on notes you hold from
them for land they bought from you. If one of them defaults and you end up
repossessing the land, you still have the other nine—and you can turn
around and resell that one parcel (and get another down payment at a lower
cost basis). What’s more, you have met criterion 3 as well, because the
consequence of defaulting on those monthly payments is going to be a huge
painful hassle for your customer. That’s a big incentive for them to keep
those checks coming. Now—in a somewhat different way than Raj and I
imagined—you have met all four of our essential criteria for the perfect
business.

However, to make the business even better, you don’t want it to consume
your life. We’ve all seen the tales of entrepreneurs who sacrifice years of
their lives and often their close personal and familial relationships outside
of work—to building their companies and then to keeping them growing.
Yes, you will have to put in some long hours of hard work to get your land
business off the ground, but it doesn’t have to keep going that way—which
after all is the point. Remember the Mexican fisherman and the Harvard
MBA? Here is an introduction to things I learned to do for you to have a
life while still running a highly successful operation.
WORKING SMART VERSUS WORKING HARD
With today’s technology, entrepreneurs are able to get more done in less
time than ever before. As we transition from an industrial economy to a
connection economy, understanding this leverage becomes critical. I like
technology—I’m a geek, after all—but I do not spend my days converting
videos, posting to forums and blogs, producing my own topography maps
of land, or even sending out my own land offers. All I do is create a process,
document it for an outsourced virtual assistant to execute at a fraction of the
cost, and spend an hour or so a day making sure it was done right. That
way, I’m focused on working on my business and not in my business. I’ll
discuss in detail how I do this in a later chapter. For now, I want to talk a bit
more about what it will take for you to get there in terms of attitude, mental
preparation, and strategy.

However, before we get into that, we need to address one more question
I’ve often been asked:

“Mark, why not just make as much money as possible and invest in the
stock market and retire at sixty-five?”

First of all, if that’s the track you are currently on, how’s it going? If I had
to bet, I’d predict it’s not going that well and that you’re probably stressed
out and wondering if you’ll ever be able to retire. Because everyone’s needs
and spending habits are different, here is a link to a page where you can
calculate how much you would need to save to retire. When I went there, I
plugged in that I would simply need a fairly modest retirement income of
$150,000 a year to live the lifestyle I would want in order to eat well, travel,
pay medical expenses, take the grandkids on vacations, and so on.

I discovered that I would need to save $4,228,960 if I wanted to live to age
ninety with an average yield on my investments of 6 percent.
                         http://www.banksite.com/calc/retire

However, it took me only three years to accumulate enough land notes to
exceed this income on a passive basis. Plus, unlike the stock market, I have
total control over the land. I create the pricing, choose the location, decide
if and what type of improvements I can make, and where and how I want to
market my property. As a result, I have essentially created an income stream
for myself backed by an asset, and I can duplicate the process again and
again. However, if you invest your money in the stock and bond markets,
how much control do you really have? Do you completely understand the
business? Are you 100 percent confident that management is working for
the shareholders and not themselves? If you’re on this track and things are
going well, then great! However, if the prospect of saving more than $4
million seems impossible to you, then continue reading.
HOW I DEFINE PASSIVE VERSUS ACTIVE INCOME
Let’s be completely honest. Acquiring land, then marketing the land, and
finally managing the notes doesn’t sound like passive income to you, does
it? Well, I could argue that if we define passive income as having to do
absolutely nothing, then there is no such thing as passive income. You still
had to earn the money to put into the bank to earn a passive income on the
interest. That earning was work. So let’s be clear—when you first start out,
there will be some serious work involved. However, in this book I will
teach you how to outsource most of the work of the business so that you
don’t have to manage the notes, market the property, or even send out the
letters or go to the auctions yourself to buy the parcels. However, you will
have to manage your team and make sure that they’re doing things
correctly. Don’t worry about that either. I will teach you how to put systems
in place so that the process is clear and straightforward. This, in turn, helps
your team to become effective and accomplish your goals.

I define passive income as making money in your sleep after you’ve set up
your systems and you’re no longer doing all or most of the work to earn that
income.
BEING REALISTIC: STEP BY STEP AWAY FROM SOLO
ECONOMIC DEPENDENCY

“The tragedy of life doesn’t lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies
in having no goal to reach.
                                                          —Benjamin Mays

When you first start putting my systems into action and start making
money, please don’t quit your day job. As with any new endeavor, you will
have your struggles as you get your arms around the nuances of this
business. Only pursue buying and selling land full time once your income
exceeds your full-time job or you have enough savings to handle the
inevitable business dip. That’s what I did. That’s what many of my clients
have done. I kept working for eighteen long months at my horrible
investment banking job while working my land business part time. Only
after my land income exceeded my income at my full-time job did I take the
plunge.

If you’ve come to the point where you’re no longer interested in passively
watching your life unfold one day at a time—even while you’re running as
fast as you can in the Red Queen’s race—but instead want to actively and
deliberately begin forming a plan to step off Her Majesty’s invisible
treadmill, now is the time to start setting goals. The problem for most
people is that they don’t take a systematic approach to setting up their goals.
Below is my goal-setting system to get you started:

   The SMART Goal System

   Specific

   Measurable

   Achievable

   Relevant
   Time bound

If you’re creating goals that meet these criteria, you become much more
focused. The method will also let you keep score—M for measurable and T
for time bound—to know if and when you need to adapt your approach to
achieve your goals.

As Peter Drucker is famous for saying, “Whatever is measured is
managed.” The same is true of setting goals. One of my favorite books is
The 12 Week Year by Brian P. Moran and Michael Lennington. The
argument made is that most companies set annual goals, then Parkinson’s
law sets in and they don’t really focus hard until the end of the year. With
the twelve-week year you focus every day on your twelve-week goal.

The goal has to be specific. No vague pie-in-the-sky types of goals such as
“I want to be wealthy.” The goal of “I want to close twelve deals in twelve
weeks” is specific. It’s also measurable; there is no ambiguity about what
needs to be done each day to measure that goal. It’s achievable; clearly, a
deal a week in our business isn’t unrealistic. Plus, it’s relevant; this is the
business we have chosen and it stays within our focus and expertise.
Finally, it’s a time bound goal: twelve weeks to close twelve deals. It’s very
simple, yet a very powerful and impactful approach to goal setting. Without
setting goals, it’s like you’re trying to hit a moving target and your brain
won’t be hardwired to hitting that goal.

Try the SMART system and then join the Land Geek Motivation and
Wealth Creation Group on Facebook and tell us your results.

Scott Todd, one of our star students and Land Geek–certified coaches, and
the cohost of my podcast, The Art of Passive Income, set a goal to close
three hundred deals his second year in the business. Instead, he closed 198.
He did more than $1 million in revenue but didn’t achieve his goal.
Nevertheless, he was ecstatic as he worked his twelve-week year system
because the year before, he closed sixty-eight deals. He set an ambitious
goal using a 10X-type mindset to motivate himself and knowing full well
that if he did 150 deals, he would have been happy.
This is the power of big goals and priming your brain to achieve whatever
you want to achieve in life. You just have to believe it’s realistic so you
work with a focused intensity that moves effortlessly through any obstacle
in your way.

In the next chapter, let’s explore why we should invest in land and not other
assets.
                             CHAPTER 3

3.   Why Land Is a Unique Asset (and the
             Ideal Business)
Real estate is an imperishable asset, ever increasing in value. It is the most
solid security that human ingenuity has devised. It is the basis of all
security and about the only indestructible security.
                        —Russell Sage, American financier and politician

When you hear the name Jeff Bezos, you think of Amazon, the biggest
online retailer, right? But Bezos is also a huge landowner. So are Ted Turner
and Warren Buffett. And why do you think many of the savviest and most
successful businesspeople in the world are pouring millions, if not billions,
into land?

Why in the world did I pick land? Why in the world should you pick land?
What’s so great about land?

Well, land is simple. It’s simple because you don’t have to deal with the
risks and headaches that you would typically run into with developed real
estate or other kinds of property, let alone with investing in the stock or
currency markets.

Let me break that down a bit.

First of all, like the Dude in The Great Lebowski, land abides. It’s just there.
It was there long before human beings walked the earth, and unless we get a
lot more careful soon with the whole natural environment that sustains us,
it’ll be there after human beings are gone. I can pass the land in my family
trust down to my children and they can pass it down to theirs, but even
“unto the seventh generation” is less than the blink of an eye on the scale of
the history of the earth.

That doesn’t mean there’s never any change on the land. An old friend of
mine, an artist and retired teacher, owns a four-acre property in rural Lake
County, California. She had a modest house, a guest cottage, and some
other outbuildings on her land, as well as a vegetable garden and some
pretty trees. In 2015, a huge wildfire swept through the county. Luckily, she
and her family were down staying in their other home in San Francisco at
the time, so they were unharmed. However, the fire completely destroyed
every building and tree on her property. All that was left, literally, was ashes
and charred stumps. That said, she still has the land, and if she can hold on
to it long enough, its value will rise back up along with the grass and the
trees.

To underline the point: nobody can actually steal or destroy your land, even
if what’s on it can be destroyed. I mean, someone could load up a
wheelbarrow full of soil or rocks from your land and run off like a bandit,
but guess what? There’s more underneath. Your land will always be there.

Along with that, there’s virtually no maintenance. I personally own more
than eighty properties in my family trust. Not one of these properties costs
me anything to take care of, and not one requires any effort from me in
terms of maintenance, which is great, because these properties are directly
in the path of growth and I have no intention of ever selling them.

Number two, you won’t be troubled by the four Rs of developed real estate
—renters, rehabs, renovations, and rodents. According to almost everyone,
the biggest appeal of real estate investing is the rental income and capital
appreciation on the houses, apartment buildings, or commercial buildings.
Well, my neighbor, an anesthesiologist who is a buddy of mine, owns
twenty-two rental properties. He has constant tenant issues and maintenance
headaches, and he has to save a significant amount of money every month
for upkeep. We both do very well financially with our investments, but my
weekends and his weekends are vastly different. While I’m watching
basketball, snacking on carrots and hummus, and enjoying a couple of cold
beers, he is busy taking care of tenant issues all weekend.

Back in the day when I first started buying land, I followed the wisdom of
the herd and tried a fix-and-flip here in Carefree, Arizona, with a buddy of
mine. Well, I’m not what you would consider a very handy guy. In fact, my
wife has our handyman, Darin, on emergency speed dial.

After three months of laboring on the house, depending on subcontractors
to do the work we weren’t qualified to do, paying the Realtor’s commission,
and factoring in our time, we made money on paper, but in no way was it
even remotely worth the effort we put into it. We were both exhausted and
miserable. We sold the property, and I went back to raw land.

Number three, unlike stocks and bonds, you have total control over the
asset. You can pick the location, you can improve the land, you can use it
for something productive, and you can even live on it if you want to. Most
people, though, follow the herd and invest in the stock market. But the
stock market is really just a huge casino, and the game is rigged—legally,
for the most part, but still rigged. (You only have to look at the revolving
door between the Securities and Exchange Commission, which is supposed
to regulate the equities markets, and the big investment banks and hedge
funds to see why it’s legal. And let’s not even get into all the former
senators and congressmen awarded lucrative seats on the boards of those
huge firms.) The investment banks and hedge funds, with their thousands of
shares in hundreds of traded companies, largely control how any given
stock moves, even if news of the company’s earnings projections does still
play a role.

The only really sound strategy for investing in the stock market is Warren
Buffett’s: buy blue-chip stocks—shares in very well-established and stable
companies whose value is never going to dip very far for very long—and
hold on to them for decades. Of course, the only problem with that strategy
is that those shares are very expensive, so you have to have a lot of cash
available to buy them in the first place. The brokers and “advisers” want
you to invest your hard-earned money where they have the most control.
Would you rather control your wealth or blindly hand over your dollars to
someone who doesn’t care about your best interests?
Some other people try their hand at currency trading in what’s called forex
—short for foreign exchange. Essentially, you’re betting on the relative
values of currencies rising or falling, which they do constantly. The
problem here is that much of the money in forex trading—like much of the
money in the stock market—is made by what’s called high-speed
algorithmic microtrading. In case you haven’t heard of this, it means using
very sophisticated software applications to buy and sell on tiny price
movements—think six places past the decimal point—shifts in the values of
currencies in equally tiny fractions of a second. Unless you either pay a
company that does this to trade for you or you’re a genius software
developer and write one of your own, you’re going to be locked out of the
most lucrative side of currency trading. And guess what? That’s how a lot of
trading on the stock market is done now, too—by the big institutional
investors. They have no interest in letting you in (read Flash Boys by
Michael Lewis for more information).

With land, on the other hand, you control the asset. And in addition to
control, land gives you the opportunity to produce income. Also, the market
value of your land can increase dramatically with population growth. As we
approach ten billion people on Earth, usable raw land is just going to
become scarcer and scarcer.

Imagine buying land ten years ago in North Dakota before the shale oil
fields were discovered. Or what if you had owned land in New York City or
Los Angeles thirty years ago when these cities were experiencing huge
growth? I guarantee, if you think about it, you know someone (or someone
who knows someone) who bought a piece of raw land in the path of growth,
and they became an instant millionaire.

Number four—this is a big one—land actually can provide cash flow. Yep,
just raw, unimproved land. You can structure your sales so that you get cash
flow for years and years and years. And that’s a big part of what we’re
going to talk about later in this book.

Number five, there is virtually no competition in the land business. How
many people do you know who talk about land investing? Most people
think that land is super expensive. They say land is something that costs
millions of dollars and that it’s only for the rich. Or they say land is for
developers who love to take big risks.

You know what? That’s probably true for downtown Phoenix, Los Angeles,
New York City, Atlanta, and Boston where quarter-acre lots sell for $3
million, right?

The good news is, we are not focusing on these $3 million lots. Not even
close! We’re going to look for lots or acreage that cost less than $30,000.
We want property in the outskirts of big cities, in smaller towns, and in rural
areas—areas that nobody actually looks at, talks about, or analyzes.

And here’s the open secret. Even though most investors overlook the land
that we’re going to seek out, there is a huge demand for these properties,
especially right now. A recent study found that 9 percent of Americans—
fewer than one in ten—would choose to live in a major city today. Twenty-
four percent of all Americans want to live in a small town away from big
cities, and 22 percent want to live specifically in a rural area. The primary
reasons given? Cities are full of crime, traffic, congestion, and crowds.
Hopefully, we can agree that this market is massive.
THE IDEAL BUSINESS
In this book, I’m not only going to discuss how flipping land will increase
your wealth, but I’m also going to talk about how you can leverage your
land to create passive income. It’s like rental income without tenants, so it’s
way better than rental income. As I explained earlier, no four Rs, no
maintenance.

Once you get started in this business, you’ll eventually start finding
properties that you really like. In fact, you’ll like them so much that you’ll
want to keep them, which is great. You don’t have to sell every property
you buy. You’ll be wise to hold on to properties that you know are in the
path of growth.

For example, I bought land in a subdivision outside of Albuquerque that is
ripe for development. I’m just going to hold on to that land for my family
and me. Maybe I’ll build a house on it someday, or maybe I’ll sell it for a
massive gain.

But, what makes it even better is this: no matter what your current financial
situation is, no matter where you live, no matter how little spare time you
have, the land business will make an incredible difference in your life if you
apply the systems I teach. Even if you’ve never bought a scrap of land in
your life, you will be up and running in a few short weeks. Even if you have
more than fifty years of experience in real estate, you will find my systems
to be completely game changing.

And if you have only a few hundred dollars to get started investing in land,
it’s no problem at all. You can take $100 and make it $400. Then you can go
from $400 to $1,600, $1,600 to $6,400, $6,400 to $25,600, $25,600 to
$102,400, $102,400 to $409,600, $409,600 to $1,638,400. You don’t need a
lot of money to get started in this business. You just need to take action.

When I started investing in land, remember, I was dead broke, squabbling
with my wife about the price of organic baby food. And only three years
later, I had built up enough passive income to exceed $150,000 per year and
a 6 percent return. That’s real wealth. Can you see how making more than
$150K in your sleep could have a dramatic effect on your life and your
retirement?

Yet the land business required no travel, no maintenance, very little up-front
money, and virtually no competition. So here’s my first deal in New
Mexico. I bought a half-acre parcel for $300 and flipped it online for
$1,200. Now for the very first deal that I did, I made 300 percent in one
week. Common sense was screaming from the rooftops, “Just keep doing
that, Mark.”

The second deal that I did was an inexpensive subdivision in southern
Arizona I bought from a tax sale. Now, this is going to blow your mind:
there was almost no one at this auction, just a few locals and me. And the
locals seemed to have no interest at all in this property. The starting bid was
$50. No one was bidding, so I asked the auctioneer if she would lower it.
She said, “Sure, $25.” Still no bids. I said I’d bid $1. I got bid up to $3! I
ended up buying hundreds of lots that day for what I would pay for dinner
at a nice restaurant. Then I sold all those parcels for more than 3,000
percent profit—or more than $90K in just six months. Not one customer
complaint and not one refund. And get this: I had never seen the properties
in person, only on my computer.

Here’s another deal I did my first year sending out offers. I bought a five-
acre parcel in Colorado for $500. I sold it a week later for $4,000 on
Craigslist. That’s seven times my money.

How about another deal? I bought nine half-acre lots in Florida near Fort
Myers with utilities and paved roads in a subdivision for only $250 each. I
sold them all on easy financing terms for $10K down plus a monthly
payment of more than $900 for fifteen years at 9 percent interest.

I did a deal with a student of mine, Tory, who found thirty 40-acre parcels
owned by one distressed seller. We bought all 1,200 acres for less than $60
an acre. Tory sold his fifteen parcels on terms at $500 an acre. He’s going to
make more than $300,000 just on one deal! This is the power of the land
business. It can literally change your life overnight.
As I’ve mentioned, we’re focusing on buying properties less than $30,000.
And selling them is ridiculously easy today with all the internet platforms
available. Without the internet, we’d be like the old-time land sellers buying
radio spots and putting up billboards. Today, in less time than it takes to
shave, you can market and sell a property online.

I want to stress the point of easy to implement. Now, easy does NOT mean
without effort. It just means that I’ve removed all of the brain damage
involved with figuring out how to bring in your target market and how to
get more buyers than you can handle.
SECRET ADVERTISERS OF LAND FOR SALE
I’ve talked a lot about the benefits and advantages of investing in land.
Let’s get into how it actually works. You may be very surprised, because the
concept is deceptively simple. It all starts with this one simple fact: all over
the country, there are people who don’t want their property anymore. How
do I know this? Well, they’re secretly advertising it. Let me explain.

These landowners haven’t paid their property taxes. And when we don’t
value something, we don’t pay for it, right? Or we may be in some type of
financial or personal distress. Many of these landowners just want to get rid
of their property. And your jaw will hit the floor and bounce when you
discover how many of these owners will sell you their property for next to
nothing. Sometimes they’ll even give it to you for free just to get rid of their
tax burden.

It’s hard to wrap your head around this until you see it firsthand. Every
month, when you do this business consistently, you’re going to get
properties for pennies on the dollar or even for free.

Why don’t these people want to keep their property and why don’t they
value it? Well, owners want to get rid of their land for quite a variety of
reasons. They might have lost their job. They might be going through a
divorce. They might have inherited their land from a relative who passed
away, and they have no clue what to do with it. There are boatloads of
reasons, more than I need to detail at this point. So what happens when
landowners don’t want their properties? They stop paying their property
taxes and start going down the road to tax foreclosure.
TAX LIEN AUCTIONS: NOT WHAT I’M TALKING ABOUT,
AND WHY NOT
Let’s be crystal clear. This is NOT a tax lien investment strategy I’m talking
about. My model has nothing to do with the tax lien system. What’s a tax
lien auction, you may be asking? The process varies by state, but here’s
how it generally works. When property owners don’t pay their property
taxes, tax collectors wait the period required by state law and then put those
unpaid property taxes up for auction—the tax liability on the property, not
the property itself. At auction, that liability becomes a tax lien, a claim on
the property.

In most states, the bidder willing to pay the most cash for the tax lien wins
the auction. Some states, though, have a bid-down process, where investors’
bids indicate how much interest they’re willing to accept on their
investment, and the lowest bidder wins. But in all cases, the tax collector
takes the payment for the overdue taxes from the winning bid, let’s say
yours. In exchange for your cash, you acquire a lien on the property. So as
the winning bidder, you can get a return on your investment in one of two
ways: interest on your bid amount or ownership of the property. If the
owner redeems their property by paying the overdue taxes within the time
allowed under state law, you get your investment capital back, plus the
amount of interest allowed in your state—usually set by statute and ranging
from 10 to as high as 18 percent, with the average around 12 percent. So it
is a good way to make a passive return of say 12–18 percent. However,
would you rather make 12–18 percent or 300–5,000 percent? I think I know
the answer.

But what if what you’re really after is the actual property? Well, about 98
percent of delinquent owners redeem their property within a year. If the
owner fails to redeem, though, you don’t just get it as if you bought it. You
have to file a lawsuit seeking title to it. That process can be complicated,
costly, and time-consuming. And that’s on top of the redemption period,
which can be years. In Arizona, for example, you have to wait three years to
foreclose on the lien. In some states, it may be only a year or two. Still,
we’re talking years, not days.
All of the above is why I don’t recommend the tax lien method.
TAX DEED AUCTIONS: NOT BEST FOR BEGINNERS (EVEN
THOUGH THAT’S HOW I BEGAN)
Buying properties at tax deed auctions is something I teach as another
method of acquisition, but that’s not what I want you to focus on at first.

That’s because auctions can be competitive, depending on the market
you’re in. At some auctions, egos get out of control and the bidding goes so
high that properties end up selling for retail. When auctions get competitive
like that, they become a huge waste of your time, and that’s definitely not
what we want.

Here’s a real-life example. Not long ago, I went to an auction in northern
Nevada. Almost two hundred people showed up. The room was packed and
people were ready to scrap with one another over the 150 properties up for
auction. Now, if you have two hundred people bidding on 150 properties,
what happens? Exactly—the price goes up.

One of the golden rules I stress is, never, ever overpay. You don’t want to
buy properties at auction that sell for 80–90 percent of market value or
higher.

Wait a minute, Mark, you may be thinking. You just told me that you started
out by going to tax deed auctions, and now you’re telling me not to bother
with them?

Uhmm, not exactly. If you can find a tax deed auction that has low
competition (which I’ll explain later how to find), then by all means start
buying those properties for pennies on the dollar like I did when I was
starting out.

But there’s a better way I learned later on: avoid that competition altogether
by snapping up properties before they hit the tax lien or deed auction. And
that’s what I’m going to tell you about next. I teach you to avoid
competition and to avoid the expensive and time-consuming state
foreclosure process. You do it by writing offer letters to the vacant land
owners.
Now, I know there are some systems out there that teach similar letter-
writing campaigns to find properties. The thing is, with these systems, a lot
of the time you unwittingly get into the land appraisal business. If you
encourage your potential sellers to call you, for example, you’ll get a lot of
tire kickers wasting your time because they’re curious about what their land
is worth.

My offer system is completely unique in that we don’t ever have to talk
with the sellers. We avoid all the long, drawn-out conversations about what
they think the property is worth and what you think the property is worth.
We get straight to the point and right down to business.

Now, I understand why these other systems encourage you to talk with
potential sellers. You end up generating more responses overall, and then
the gurus who taught you this can brag about the high response rates.

But I don’t care about response rates. Response rates are meaningless if you
don’t close deals. I care about the closing rate on deals. For example, I sent
out one hundred letters recently in Colorado. I received back seven signed
purchase agreements. That’s a 7 percent response ratio.

How would you like to know that every time you sent out one hundred
offers that you would buy three to seven properties and make more than 300
to 1000 percent on each property? That’s how you are ultimately going to
build your real estate portfolio and empire. You are going to make offers on
a very consistent basis and eventually build a system that removes you from
the equation so you can focus on the most important aspects of your
business. We’ll talk more about that later.

This is NOT a small little niche market. I can say from experience that the
market is actually massive because since 2001, my deal flow has never
stopped. Just look at the number of people who owe back taxes in this
country on raw land.

There’s a website I discovered called TaxSaleLists.com, where they keep
track of all the properties out there on which the owners are not paying their
taxes. You can see that comes out to about 23,962,000 properties whose
owners are behind. And not paying taxes on a property is almost the same
as putting up a big flashing sign that says, “Please Buy My Land! I Don’t
Want It Any More!”

So let me ask you, now do you think this is a big market? Of course, it’s a
huge market. And if we look at the numbers, we know that at one time most
of these same people—the ones who didn’t just inherit their land—were
buying property themselves. That’s a healthy market. It has the flexibility to
grow or contract without having major effects on the overall economics of
this business. Now, not every one of these twenty-three million people are
going to want to sell their property to you for pennies on the dollar. Some of
them have simply forgotten to pay their taxes. Some probably just pay their
property taxes every two years. There are many reasons, so we can’t assume
everyone wants to sell.

Nevertheless, if just a tiny fraction of those twenty-three million people do
want to sell, we have a ridiculously large market to enter. Plus, it’s not like
housing, where you are competing against multibillion-dollar private equity
groups and hedge funds. Housing is easier to understand than land, but land
is so much better. I bet if you go to a REIA (Real Estate Investor
Association) meeting and there are 100 people in the room, 99 of them will
be house flippers, house wholesalers or landlords. You and I would be the
only land investors there. That illustrates just how little competition there is
in our huge niche.

We are going to discuss in detail how you can make MORE money from
buying and selling raw land than you can from flipping houses. And you’re
going to learn how you can make MORE money selling land with owner
financing than you can from owning rental houses. Even better, I’ll show
you how you can do this without the headaches that come along with
flipping houses or being a landlord. Are you ready to go on this journey
with me?
                            CHAPTER 4

     4.   How to Print Your Own Money
                   (Legally!)
Let’s jump into the details of how this system works by talking about the
five key steps of creating serious wealth with land investing.

   Step 1: Find the sellers who no longer want their property.

   Step 2: Send out “top dollar” (25-30 cents on the dollar) offers to the
   people we find in Step 1.

   Step 3: Analyze the deal (due diligence).

   Step 4: Market the property on internet platforms that already have a lot
   of traffic.

   Step 5: Sell the property.

Now, you just went from having zero land selling experience to closing
your first deal in only five steps. And then—the best part—you take your
profits and reinvest into more land. Rinse and repeat.
STEP 1: FIND THE SELLERS WHO NO LONGER WANT
THEIR PROPERTY
Like we discussed earlier, what you’re looking for is people who are
advertising to the world that they don’t want their land anymore.

As a first action step, contact the local county assessor or treasurer. Then
take that list of people and filter it down by criteria such as the price range,
where the owner lives, and how long they have owned the property.

There are a whole lot more criteria that we need to look at, but we’ll get to
that at the end, as I don’t want you to drink from a firehose in this book.
Essentially, the result we get from filtering this list is this: a really good
percentage of the people receiving your offers will happily sell you their
land for pennies on the dollar.

Here’s a recent case study. One of my students, Jeff Akstin, executed our
letter writing campaign so well that he was able to buy thirty 5-acre parcels
in Colorado from a distressed seller at an average price of $222, plus a few
thousand dollars in back taxes. His total cash profit from this deal was more
than $30,000 in two months. Plus, he sold some of the parcels on easy
seller-financing terms, and he is now getting an extra $1,000 a month in
passive income.

Keep in mind, we’re not talking about junk lots. We’re talking about quality
lots that have views, good access, and nearby amenities. And get this: if Jeff
had found this deal and didn’t have the money to buy the thirty parcels
himself, he could have easily wholesaled out these properties without
putting any money down. Wholesaling is another strategy I teach with lease
options, but I don’t want to get ahead of myself.

For Jeff, making an extra $30K in two months made a significant impact in
his life. But most importantly, his time investment on this deal was
minimal.
STEP 2: SEND OUT LOWBALL OFFERS TO THE POTENTIAL
SELLERS WE FOUND IN STEP 1
Now, my offers are unique. I have tested every aspect of all my letters that I
send out. The typical direct response rate for direct marketing is something
like 0.5 percent response. Think of your own mailbox where you get auto
loan offers, magazine offers, and so forth. Very few people actually
respond. A half percent is all the marketer needs to make money on the
promotion.

Now in real estate, some people use yellow letters that look like
handwritten letters, and they’re getting a 2–3 percent response rate. If
you’re in a short-sell area, you might get like a 1 or 2 percent response rate.

The response rate my students and I get is between 3–5 percent. Do you
think it would be great to get three to five amazing deals for every hundred
letters you sent out?

Here’s the thing: because my letters and postcards are so well-tested and
because these landowners don’t actually get much mail, they are much more
receptive. Plus, you can’t find these deals in the multiple listing service
(MLS) because the property owners haven’t even listed their land with a
Realtor.

My letters are one page and don’t offer up any room for negotiations.
Again, we don’t want to waste time being in the appraisal business. We
want legitimate motivated sellers, people who are super interested in selling
because they don’t want their property anymore.

As a result, every time you run one of my mailing campaigns, it’s like
collecting checks at the post office every day. The best part is, people save
the letters and send them in months later. Plus, we all know in real estate,
we make our money on the buy and not on the sell. These accepted offers
are just that, money in your bank.

Put another way, how would you like to spend $20 on a mailing and make
$3,000? You can’t get that type of return in the stock market.
STEP 3: ANALYZE THE DEAL (DUE DILIGENCE)
What you want to do when analyzing these properties is check a few simple
things. You or your virtual assistant can jump on a computer and do a five-
to ten-minute property value check online. If you don’t want to train your
own virtual assistant how to conduct proper due diligence we have our own
trained team in the Philippines that can assist. Learn more at
www.vas.thelandgeek.com.

Due diligence may sound intimidating, but here’s the rub: because you can
leverage the power of the internet, because there are aerial pictures of just
about every piece of land on Earth, all you need to do is get a ballpark value
of that property.

You don’t even have to be physically at the property. As a matter of fact, I
can’t tell you the last time, in the thousands of deals I’ve done, that I’ve
actually set foot on the property. Plus, with the inexpensive crowdsourcing
available online, you can easily hire a local to take pictures and videos of
the land for you and prepare an entire property report for almost nothing.

Buying sight unseen may sound crazy at first, but with the technology and
crowdsourcing you can leverage online, you don’t have to stress about not
being at the property.

Plus, I don’t actually do the work. I outsource all the due diligence to my
virtual assistants who creates all of the maps I need for about $3–$5 an
hour.

More importantly, you can literally do this business from anywhere. All you
need is an inexpensive computer or just access to someone else’s computer,
even if it’s just one at your local library. The only tools your really need are
access to a computer, access to the internet, and a telephone. It doesn’t get
much simpler.

Being from Arizona, my family and I love to get away from the heat
sometimes. One year, we took six weeks and went to Lake Tahoe. I just
brought my laptop and was in business. It doesn’t matter where you are in
the world, as long as you have access to a computer and the internet, you
can do this business.

As a matter of fact, I have several international students from the
Netherlands, Australia, and Belgium who are working this model to
improve their lives and make additional passive income for their families.

Clients of mine, Sean Rickman and Rachael Mueller created enough
passive income to quit their software engineering and sales jobs. They then
began traveling Europe together with just a laptop, a virtual mailbox service
and a few virtual assistants to close deals while exploring the world.

Here’s a testimonial from Jeff Akstin that I want to share:

   Hey, Mark,

   I just want to say thank you for taking my business to the next level.

   I started with your investor’s toolkit, and with your guidance, I went
   from a land business making only 5–10K a year to 50K this year, and
   it’s only October!

   This week has been great! I sold two parcels of land that I have owned
   for about a month for 17K profit, and I just purchased fourteen lots for
   $877 each and they will sell for $6,000 each on terms! These deals
   happen for me weekly.

   Thanks for your help, and I look forward to working with you in the
   future.

   Jeff Akstin

Now as I mentioned, Jeff is doing this on a part-time basis. His full-time job
is a fireman outside of Boston. He loves the freedom and flexibility this
business provides him. The money he’s making is just improving the quality
of his life and ensuring that he’ll be super comfortable when he retires from
the fire department in a few years.
STEP 4: MARKETING
Once we have the properties, we now need to start bringing in more buyers
than we can handle. This is such an important aspect of this business. You
have to be vigilant about finding creative and inexpensive ways to market
your property.

I’m going to pull the curtain up and show you how and where I market my
properties to bring in more buyers than I can actually manage. I’m going to
show you step by step how to build a massive buyers list so that you can
even presell properties before you buy them.

In all my deals, I have never had a property that just sat there and didn’t
sell. Out of thousands of transactions, I’ve never lost money on a deal. How
many businesses do you think can look at their inventory and say they never
lost money on even one single item? Even Apple had a few duds before the
iPod and iPhone. (U2 iPod, anyone?)

This is a pretty rare and special achievement I’m very proud of.

Plus, I’m a risk-averse guy. I’m the kind of guy who drives in the right-
hand lane and doesn’t make a move before considering everything.

When you combine the power of buying property for pennies on the dollar
with a powerful marketing strategy, you have a sure fire formula for making
money. That’s what my marketing program is going to give you.

Once you have your marketing in place, there is only one step left. It’s also
my favorite step.
STEP 5: SELL THE PROPERTY (CLOSE THE DEAL)
Now, I had a little bit of sales experience as an investment banker before
getting into the land business. However, most of my students don’t like
sales. They think that salespeople need to be pushy or hyper aggressive to
be effective. But here’s the thing: sales is just the process of transferring
your enthusiasm for land to another person.

That’s it.

Here’s an important idea to always keep in mind. If you’re in this business
just to make money for yourself, and not to provide value to your
customers, then you will be sabotaging your long-term success.

Sure, you’ll make money in the short run, but I guarantee it won’t last. You
have to have the attitude that you are in the business of creating new and
better land solutions or investments for your customers. You need to have a
mission and a sense of purpose. Ignore this advice, and your business will
become soulless. Your customers will eventually see through you and
realize that you’re not looking out for their best interests.

Again, you can make short-term money doing this with the wrong attitude,
but after a few years you’ll still be scrambling for new customers instead of
being able to simply send an email out to your past customers and get sales
within minutes.

Unlike, housing, or any other real estate investing strategy, raw land already
has a built-in best buyer. Do you know whom it is? Ok, think about… Fine,
I’ll just tell you—it’s the neighbors. We get a list of the adjoining property
owners from the county or online GIS maps and send out a a “neighbor
letter”.

The letter states that before we go to the open market, here is your
opportunity to increase your land holdings, protect your views and know
your neighbors. Often times, the neighbors end up buying first.

However, if they pass on the deal—let’s talk about my favorite marketing
platforms. The second fastest way right now to sell land is by just putting it
on Craigslist. Craigslist is in the top ten highest-traffic websites in the
United States. I’m a big believer in platforms that already have traffic. I get
so frustrated when my coaching students start spending money to build their
own website.

You don’t even need one. You can use platforms such as Craigslist,
Facebook   Buy-Sell   Groups,   eBay,    Zillow,    Landmodo.com,
LANDFLIP.com, and LandWatch.com to market your property.

Look at a website such as LandWatch or Landsofamerica.com. These sites
get about five hundred thousand people a month who are looking to buy
land.

Now, if you have a piece of land and you know there’s a platform such as
Landmodo, don’t you think that would be a good place for you to advertise
your piece of land?

Absolutely. You want to be where your market is. You want to advertise
where people are looking for what you’re selling. Therefore, sites such as
Landmodo, LANDFLIP, LandWatch, and Craigslist are the places you
should focus on at first.

Eventually, you’ll want to put up your own website. But in the beginning, I
don’t want you putting your energy and money into building a website.
However, I do think you need a landing page or a squeeze page where your
prospects can sign up to get updates and valuable information from you.
This way, when they’re ready to buy your property, they already know you
and trust you. Later on, I’m going to share with you how you can get your
own landing page or squeeze page for free.

All right, let’s continue. Do you have debt? If you do, no worries. Let’s
solve that problem by making money to pay that off and get that debt gorilla
off your back.

I didn’t start out with much money—just $3,000—and my buddy Jeran had
only $800. Most of my clients actually start out with little money in the
bank. We can easily overcome this problem. I’m going to teach you how to
lock up deals using lease options and how to flip these properties by
wholesaling—all by using just a very small amount of money from your
own pocket. I know what you’re thinking, “how do I do this?”

You find a deal, lock up the property with a lease option for $0.20–$0.30 on
the dollar, and then you immediately turn around and sell it for a quick
profit. Whom do you sell it to? You sell it at a wholesale price to a retailer
like me or someone from my network at a sizable discount from market
value.

After buying the property for $0.20–$0.30 on the dollar, you’ll sell it for
$0.60–$0.70 on the dollar. This way, you do what my Realtor friend Kathy
Courtney likes to call “leaving some fat on the hog” for the retailer to make
profits. It’s a win-win deal for you (the wholesaler) and the retailer.

For example, you lock up a property worth $20,000 using an option. You
have it under contract for $5,000. You flip it for $10,000 to a retailer and
lock in a nice $5,000 profit for doing minimal work. If a property is really
worth $20,000 and you sell it for $10,000, how many retailers do you think
are going to be knocking on your door to buy that deal from you?

“Whoa, wait a minute, Mark. What if I lock up this property and nobody
wants it?”

Well, think about it. If you lock up a property for $5,000 that’s worth
$20,000, do you really think you’re going to lose money on that deal? Of
course not! The real value is in locking up the deal and finding the seller.

This is the only business that I know of where the worst-case scenario is
that you make a profit of 30–100 percent. The worst-case scenario in this
example is you sell the property for $7,000 or $8,000, and you still make
$2,000–$3,000 without putting a dime out of your own pocket. That’s an
infinite return on your investment. That’s the key here.

Then you will take your profits and build a war chest of cash. That’s exactly
what I did. When I made my $12,000 off my first $3,000 invested, I took
that money and reinvested it. Now, you could pay off some debt and then
reinvest. So every deal I do, I take a little bit of the money and either
reinvest in my business, add a virtual assistant, or increase my marketing
budget.

You can do the same thing except now you can start paying off your debt.
As long as you continue your deal flow, you’ll start flipping properties
again and again and again, and soon you’ll have a war chest of cash and no
debt.

“Mark, I’ve known some people who started in land, did a few deals, and
then went on to do something else. Why is that?”

I can’t speak for everyone, but I know that it’s human nature that when
something gets difficult, we can contract “shiny object syndrome.” This is a
behavior pattern where if someone doesn’t achieve immediate success, they
bail and move on to the next “shiny object,” be it a different investing
program or another business startup idea.

It gets frustrating sometimes, because I know land is the best passive
income model. I’ve proven it over and over myself. My friends and
business partners Scott Todd and Tate Litchfield have proven it over and
over again. My students Jeff, Mike, Tom, Frank, and dozens of others have
proven      it     over    and      over    again.    Just      got     to
https://www.thelandgeek.com/student-success/ for example after example.

What can I say? It works.

The truth is, as in any endeavor in life, success takes time. It takes some
struggle. You need to develop some stamina and be able to suffer a few
defeats along your way to victory. You need to commit yourself to the
learning curve of discovering what works for others, testing it out, and
putting in the time.

“Mark, what traits do your most successful clients possess that others
lack?”

Glad you asked. That’s the focus of the next two chapters.
First, you need to possess (or if you don’t possess it, then learn how to
develop) the number one trait needed to be successful in land.

Second, you need to be able to do what I call embracing the suck.

Let’s dive into the first trait.
                            CHAPTER 5

 5.   The Number One Trait Required for
      Success in Land (and Real Estate in
                   General)
Do you love getting a good deal? I mean really love getting a good deal?

Are you the kind of person who “visits” an item in the store that you really
want, waiting for that magical day when it’s finally on sale before opening
up your wallet?

Do you love telling the story of how you so frustrated the car salesman with
your bargaining skills that he swore at you under his breath as he agreed to
the offer that he said would “never be approved”?

Have you ever driven over an hour to visit an outlet mall, knowing that you
can get the same items for almost half the price of your local department
store?

If you answered yes to any or all of these questions, then you know the
thrill of the chase. It’s a rush, sometimes accompanied by a full-body shake,
an ear-to-ear smile, and a shout of “Ha!” Then there may be a handful of
fist pumps, high fives, and a little jig.

It’s the joy of victory, knowing you’re smarter than the average buyer who
paid full price. It’s the pride of a winner, knowing you outwitted the
“system” and walked away with cash in your pocket.
Sometimes, this can get me into trouble as I lose sight of the value of my
own time as I chase and chase the best possible deal. Nevertheless, getting
the best deal possible is like a drug to me, and I’m definitely a deal junkie.

I stress this point because I truly believe that to be successful in the land
business, you need to love (and when I say “love,” I mean “live for”)
getting a good deal.

Think about it. Good deals are the basis of wealth for almost every
business. You’ve likely heard the old axiom “Buy low, sell high.” It’s as
true today as it was for the merchants who sold their wares from stalls in the
agoras of Ancient Greece.

It’s how Warren Buffett got rich. You can boil everything he did down to
“buy low, sell high.”

It’s how Donald Trump got rich. He bought Manhattan property for pennies
on the dollar, redeveloped it, and then raked in many times what he paid for
it through a combination of buy-and-hold and sell strategies.

It’s how Sam Walton built Walmart by buying in bulk and passing the
savings on to the consumer who couldn’t resist the deals.

I also received this lesson from my Dad who was a wholesale grocer.

“Put that down!” said my dad, referring to the stick of Wrigley’s Spearmint
gum in my hand. We were in line with my mother at the local supermarket.

“It’s just gum, Dad,” I said.

“They’re charging a dollar here! I pay 40 cents for that same stick of gum,
then sell it to the grocery store for 60 cents. There’s no way a son of mine is
going to pay a dollar for a stick of gum!”

Sheepishly, I placed the gum back into its spot on the shelf.

You can see where I get it from. My Dad’s pride wouldn’t let me buy that
gum at full price. My Mom was the same way.
This dedication to paying less than retail was so ingrained in my Dad that
he, to this day, refuses to buy anything without some sort of a discount.
While I often went without gum due to my parents’ obsession with bargain
prices, they gave me a wonderful gift. It’s one of the core investing
principles I’ve adopted: don’t overpay.

So why is this so important for success in business? I’m sure you’ve also
heard the saying “Money is made on the buy.” Again, ancient words of
wisdom that still hold true today.

In order to sell a product or service, you need to get the cost of bringing that
product or service to market as low as possible so you can make enough
money when you sell it to the end consumer. This is what is commonly
known as the margin. The higher the margin, the more profit.

Even if you create your own product, the price for which you sell it includes
a markup that takes into account your cost of materials and time spent
making it. If you struggle to make money selling products you make
yourself, then likely you’re (1) in a market in which there isn’t enough
demand for your product to make it profitable, or (2) you’re spending too
much to make the product in comparison to what the market will pay for it.

This is where a nose for a good deal comes in handy. If you didn’t grow up
with parents who picked up pennies in parking lots or clipped coupons from
weekly mailers, then you may be at a disadvantage.

Call us deal junkies. Call us bargain hunters. Whatever. To make money,
and especially to make money in real estate of any kind, you need to
develop this joy of getting a good deal.

Or, as I like to call it, the thrill of the chase.

The great thing about learning how to become a bargain hunter who loves
the thrill of the chase is that once you get it, you get it. It’s burned into your
psyche for life.

Once you make your first few hundred dollars flipping land, it’s almost like
a new personality emerges. Nothing looks the same. You begin to look for
deals everywhere, for almost everything you buy.

When I was in my investment banker phase making cold calls, I got a
handful of thrills at a handful of good deals. But it was hard, mind-numbing
work. I hate to say it, but there were too many elements of it that made my
soul sick.

While the notion of getting a good deal and the notion of taking calculated
risky moves may seem diametrically opposed on the surface, they’re
actually not. My decision that day was fueled by my addiction to the high of
buying something for pennies on the dollar.

I involuntarily gasped as Jeran and I pulled into the parking lot of the
auction. It looked like the town Clint Eastwood rode into in A Fistful of
Dollars, only with cars.

“Am I really doing this?” I asked myself.

On the way from the parking lot to the auction hall, I decided I was out.
There was no way I was going to buy land in this desolate area. No way. I
patted my checkbook, safe and sound in my shirt pocket. I’m just going to
enjoy the trip, I told myself, and watch my pal make a fool of himself.

Forty-five seconds later when we walked into the auction hall, I decided I
was back in.

The thrill of the chase fired up deep inside me when I saw that there was
almost nobody in the auction room. There were about twenty locals, none of
whom looked like they’d be a bidding threat. I expected to be greeted by a
roomful of chubby “land sharks” in ten-gallon hats smoking big cigars, but
when I saw my competition, my spirits got a well-needed boost.

“Let’s begin,” said the auctioneer.

My heart skipped a beat. I reached into my shirt pocket and lifted my
checkbook an inch. The air was thick with the sweet smell of deals to be
had.
The minimum bid was $150 and up for each half-acre parcel. We looked at
only the lowest ones. I had already promised myself that there was no way
in hell I was going to pay more than $300 for property in such a place as
Deming, New Mexico.

My palms were sweaty. My heart beat out of my chest as I raised my hand.
I decided, for such a low price, how can I possibly be hurt?

Right?

I mean, what’s the worst that could happen?” I rationalized. Worst-case
scenario, we own land. It’s an asset. Nobody can destroy it. One day, maybe
we’ll be able to make a couple hundred bucks off it. Or, maybe I could just
barter services for it. I’m thinking, free dentistry or haircuts for a year or
two.

By the time the auction was over, I had bought a good chunk of raw land.

In Deming, New Mexico! Me! Mark Podolsky from Scottsdale now owns
land he’s never been to, never even seen.

Holy cow!

“What have I done?” I said to my friend, burying my face in my hands.

He just smiled at me and said, “Don’t worry. You’ll see.”

We went to the assessor’s office and bought plat maps for seventy-five
cents. Then we took pictures of the surrounding area.

This was not stunning land. I mean, sure there were mountains in the
distance, but it was mostly rocks and dirt. Lots of dirt.

The next day, with my hands shaking so much that I kept hitting the wrong
keys on my IBM laptop, I placed my properties up for sale on eBay for a
seven-day auction with a minimum bid of one lousy dollar.

All I could hear was my wife’s voice dancing in my head saying, “Dammit,
Mark, we needed that $3,000 for car repairs! How could you do this to me?
To us?”

I bit my nails as the photo from my eBay auction went live. Wow, I’m really
doing this, aren’t I?

My wife’s voice was right. We did need that $3,000 for car repairs. What
am I doing gambling like this? Suddenly, I felt like the guy who takes his
family’s life savings to put a giant stack of chips on twenty-two at the
roulette table.

Luckily, that feeling didn’t last long.

In thirty days, all ten parcels I bought sold. Not only did they sell, but they
also sold for $1000 each plus a recording fee of $199. I just made a 300
percent return on my investment! That’s $8,990 in pure sweet delightful
profit!

I cannot fully describe the joy I felt. It was a high unlike any I had ever
known. Like my birthday, anniversary, and graduation day all rolled into
one.

I wanted to dance naked on rooftops. I wanted to howl at the moon. I
wanted to kiss random strangers. (I did none of that, though. OK, well,
maybe one of those. I’ll never tell which one, so don’t ask.)

I was hooked.

Bad.

It wasn’t enough. I needed more. Like a junkie, I needed to experience this
again. I would have sold my soul at that moment just to get to the next
auction.

I had to wait only a month.

The room in southern Arizona a month later was even better than New
Mexico. There were only about ten people in the room. I smiled at Jeran.

“Lock and load, buddy,” I said with a gleam in my eye.
“I’ve created a monster,” said my buddy.

This time, we were buying properties for as little as $5–$10. I bought about
ninety of them.

Over the next six months, I sold all ninety properties. I made more than
$92,000 just from that one auction.

Life would never be the same.

One Saturday morning while recovering from a particularly bad week at the
investment firm, I poured a glass of orange juice. The baby was playing,
and my wife was making pancakes.

I cleared my throat.

“Honey,” I said, “I think I’m really onto something with this land stuff.”

“I know,” she said. “It’s great.” She opened the refrigerator door, took out a
half gallon of milk, and added some to the pancake mix in the bowl.

I took a deep breath. “So I’ve decided to quit my job.”

Has time ever slowed so much for you that it froze in place like an oil
painting? That’s what happened when my wife looked at me, the half gallon
of milk still in her hand. The baby went still. There was no sound. A
thousand years seemed to pass as she gave me a look that can only be
described as equal parts bewilderment and anger. If you’re married, you
know the look.

“No,” she said as time resumed its journey. She placed the milk back into
the refrigerator. Whew, I thought she was going to throw it at me.

“No,” I repeated.

She closed the refrigerator door and looked me in the eye again.

“Absolutely not,” she said.
“Absolutely not,” I repeated and sipped my orange juice.

Well, that was that.

Fast-forward eighteen months.

I’m still land flipping part time. I’m still a full-time miserable investment
banker. Monday morning is worse than a trip to hell for me. My soul is
empty. My spirit is anywhere but there, and I’m considering alcoholism.

There’s one big difference, though.

My income from land flipping has just exceeded my income from the
investment firm.

All because of the thrill of the chase, the number one trait required to be
successful in land (or any real estate).

But that wasn’t the only trait that fueled my success. I had also learned how
to embrace the suck.
                             CHAPTER 6

 Embrace the Suck: How to Not Lose
6.




Your Mind while Becoming Dirt Rich
“This could be yours,” says the man in the straw hat and floral shirt. He sips
from a huge round salt-rimmed glass with a long stem and a tiny green
umbrella. Behind him, an immense mansion looms behind an outdoor
swimming pool surrounded by decorative stone.

“And this!”

The television image pops to the same man in a tuxedo leaning on a red
Ferrari with a stunning blonde woman in a black cocktail dress on his arm.
She moves her hand to her round hip while pursing her lips and lowering
her eyes as she stares into the camera.

“And the best part is,” he says, now in an office sitting in front of a laptop,
palm trees and an aquamarine bay outside the window, “you need to work
only one hour a week!”

He turns his attention to the laptop, clicks the mouse once, and slams it
shut. He leans back in his chair, folding his fingers behind his head.

“Done!” he says with a yawn. “Man, am I tired!”

OK, enough, right?

You know what I’m talking about. If you’ve been alive at all in the twenty-
first century, you’ve seen late-night infomercial gurus peddling dreams of
instant unlimited riches for almost no work.

Even the term late-night infomercial has almost no meaning anymore
because these scam artists can be found 24/7 on the internet, promising
untold wealth only if you buy their course for an outrageous fee in several
easy installments.

Nowadays, it seems like almost anyone can set themselves up as a guru
selling almost any made up BS, charge thousands for it, and attract a legion
of followers based almost solely on their personality.

A huge chunk of this market is focused on real estate. This dates back to the
early days of information products in the 1970s when smarmy get-rich-
quick peddlers would sell cassette tapes through direct mail on how to buy
houses for no money down.

It’s only gotten worse since then, with hucksters promising riches while
making real estate sound so easy. Just like taking a nap and then money
arrives in your account.

Now, the truth is that when I nap, money does arrive in my account.

I also freely admit that sometimes in my marketing it can look easy, but
that’s only because I’ve been doing it for so long.

I promise you this: you’ll never see me standing in front of a mansion
promising you that the path to success is an easy straight line that requires
no work.

True, once you do the work and set the machine up, your days get easier,
even a lot easier. To get to that point, however, requires commitment, a
sometimes-steep learning curve, and the mental strength to embrace the
suck and push through the dips.

I’m blessed to have an easier life now, but to get here, I had to hit some
brick walls, learn some hard lessons, and in many ways start over again
several times.
One of my favorite books is Seth Godin’s The Dip. It’s a short book but
packs a powerful message.

In almost every business venture (or almost any type of project really),
things tend to start off swimmingly. There is a rise in productivity and even
a couple of small wins may occur.

Then comes the dip. It’s inevitable, nearly guaranteed. You’re riding high
on your initial small wins, putting in the same amount of effort, chugging
along at full speed.

But nothing happens.

“Hmm, that’s strange,” you say to yourself. “I had a few small wins there.”
So you buckle down and push harder, putting in even more effort.

Still, nothing.

Welcome to the dip.

This is the true test of grit. It is at this point that winners break away from
losers.

You are now faced with a choice: quit or press on.

If you suspect that your model is the problem, then quitting may be a good
idea. As I write this in 2018, if your major competitor is Amazon.com,
quitting is probably a good choice. At this moment, Amazon is guaranteed
to win. It will smoke you. Time to find something else.

However, if you know from your research and conversations with reputable
people that you have a proven business model, quitting is a terrible idea.
You are so close to bigger wins, if only you tough it out just a little longer.

The dip is a test. A tease. It demands you prove your worthiness by kicking
you in the teeth just to see how you’ll react.

Don’t let the dip beat you. Go the distance, stay on your feet, and you will
learn the most powerful lesson in business.
On the other side of the dip flow thundering rewards like nothing you’ve
ever seen before. It’s like a gushing waterfall of success, hitting you so hard
that you’re barely prepared for it.

Once you emerge on the other upward side, you are often faced with a
series of new problems, all related to managing the new inflow of activity
produced by all your actions during the dip.

When I first read Godin’s book, I laughed out loud because I know it is so
true. Not only have I experienced the dip myself, but I’ve also witnessed it
with my coaching students time and time again.

The path to success is a squiggly line. Up, down, bigger up, bigger down,
even bigger up, even bigger down, and so on.

Everybody hits rough patches. What makes people successful is their
resiliency. The ones who, faced with a dip, get back up again and continue
the fight are the ones who reap the true rewards.

A fantastic book devoted solely to this subject, is Angela Duckworth’s best
selling book titled Grit: The Power of Passion and Perseverance.

As I said, it’s important that you know what you’re doing has a chance at
succeeding. If you read the comments from my students and watch some of
the amazing testimonial videos they’ve made, you’ll see that land investing
is the best passive income model in the world.

(I’m open to anyone who has a better one. I even hosted a podcast for a year
where I invited people to challenge my model. So far, I’ve found nothing
better.)

As you begin, you’re probably going to have a small win or two. That’s the
time to mentally prepare yourself for the dip that’s on its way.

Then, once you get past your first dip, don’t rest on your laurels. It’s
important to know that there’s an even bigger dip (with an equal reward) on
its way.
One of my students, John, experienced this. He bought the investor’s
toolkit, learned everything in it backward and forward, started mailing, and
bought a property.

Then he listed it for sale. Nothing. He posted ads. Nothing. He posted more
ads.

Weeks went by but nothing.

He came to boot camp looking for answers. He went home, retooled his
strategy, and doubled down.

Another month went by and nothing.

John knew he was working with a good model, though. He had met too
many people having so much success in the land business to doubt that this
does work. He knew he just had to keep pushing through this dip.

Then overnight, everything changed. A buyer contacted John, immensely
thrilled about the property. It was just what he had been looking for. Two
easy payments via a program called geekpay.io and a simple recording later,
John was in business as a land investor.

Another student of mine, Fred, owned twenty properties. Fred had a bit
more experience and had accumulated some great land at some very low
prices.

The problem was, they weren’t selling. Fred got frustrated. He developed
shiny object syndrome and began looking elsewhere for his business model.
He bought forex programs, house flipping programs, and tax lien investing
programs.

Worst of all, Fred stopped locating new properties. He lost faith in the
proven model, so his land business stood still.

Then, in one week, ten of Fred’s properties sold. He went from making
$200 a month in passive income to $1,400 almost overnight.
The next week, five more properties sold, bringing Fred’s monthly passive
income up to $1,800 a month.

“You were so right, Mark,” he told me on a Voxer message. “I should have
just stuck with it. I was such an idiot to quit.”

Fred’s next problem was that he was low on inventory or what I call deal
flow. (More on that in the next chapter.) Any business, whether you’re
selling coffee or lumber, isn’t a business if it has no inventory. The same is
true for land. If you have no land to sell, then you have no land business.

Fred learned the hard way to never stop finding new deals, because every
piece of land will eventually sell.

I say this with 99.9 percent certainty because since 2001, I have never—as
in not once, not ever—been unable to sell a parcel of land.

As I’m fond of saying, “There’s a pig for every barn.”

True, you may have to embrace the suck and wait a while for that pig to
find the barn you’re selling, but the two will eventually find each other.

Heck, even I still have dips. Nobody is immune. True, I can weather them
better now because (1) I have a momentum built over the years and (2)
experience has taught me how to handle a large variety of situations.

Having survived many dips, my momentum generates a base of wealth that
acts as a “cushion,” able to absorb the impact of a financial hit better than
someone just starting out.

Even as I write this, I’m hitting a dip caused by a heady stream of new
properties entering my pipeline. Too much land is coming in. It’s
overwhelming the virtual assistants I’ve hired to process all of it.
Sometimes too much of a good thing is a brick wall. True, it’s a good
problem to have, but it’s still a problem.

Another advanced problem is people who default. Just recently, two people
suddenly stopped paying me in one month. I truly hate when that happens.
I always try to work with people, to find out if there’s a problem I can help
them solve. These two, however, just vanished. Gone, just like that. Not
returning phone calls, heads stuck in the sand.

And both were so close to paying off their notes. That’s the sad part. The
land could have been theirs in just a few more months.

After giving them time to get back to me and hopefully resolve the
situation, I had to take the only option available to me: resell the properties.

I like people, especially people I’ve built a relationship with, but this is
business. Others with not as much heart as me may celebrate the fact that
they can now resell a property and earn a truly unbelievable return on
investment from this default, but I can’t help but feel bad about it.

Now I must accept the fact that my note portfolio just shrank by two
monthly payments. I may lose two more months if I don’t resell it fast as
well.

So I know that all I can do is embrace the suck by executing my land
contract and ending the note, then getting those properties back into the
marketing funnel.

The truth is that this has happened so many times now that I’ve built it into
my income projections. I know that every single month a certain percentage
of my passive income is just going to disappear and I need to be prepared
for it.

When you’re prepared for coming dips, you can weather them much easier.

Here’s another favorite quote of mine:

Every great story on the planet happened when someone decided not to give
up, but kept going no matter what. Spryte Loriano

If you can embrace the suck and weather each dip, solving problems and
automating systems, eventually you actually can live life on your own
terms.
Automation is key to this. It may just be my favorite word. I teach land
investors how to set everything up so it’s running without you. Your
systems are all in place, doing the work for you.

While I do love automation so much that I teach students how to implement
it early in their business, you can’t do what some students try to do: buy
their way out of experiencing dips.

In the beginning as you scale up, it’s important that you actually feel the
frustration of the dip and the necessity to embrace the suck.

What happens if you accelerate too fast? The wheels on your bus start to
shake. That’s why it’s a good idea to make sure the wheels are rolling
straight before accelerating to a hundred miles an hour.

Once you’re sure your bus can handle this speed, that’s when to flip the
automation switch. It’s great to ramp up, but just make sure your systems
can support it. Embracing the suck is the only proven way to do this.

Embracing the suck comes down to daily effort.

If you’re not making some sort of daily effort in your business to move the
needle, then the dip will surround and destroy you.

My good friend and fellow Land Geek coach Scott Todd called this
focusing on the controllables.

You can’t control what other people do. You can’t control whether they’re
going to buy your property. You can’t control whether a seller is going to
accept your offer.

However, you can control what you do. This is how you measure your
success. It may be a leap of faith at first, but if you focus on just what you
can control, the results will absolutely definitely come.

Focusing on your controllables also helps you to keep your emotions in
check.

Ask yourself these questions:
   Did I do county research today?

   Did I make my target number of offers today?

   Did I price my properties right today?

   Did I provide top-notch customer service today?

   Did I do proper due diligence today?

   Did I place enough property ads today?

If you answered all these questions positively, then you know you have so
much activity going on that any one problem won’t throw your entire
business into a tailspin.

The worst decisions I’ve ever made were emotional decisions based on fear
and panic. They never turned out well.

The way around this is to know that your daily effort is so strong that you
have several fallbacks in the works. You’re creating so much forward
momentum that no single problem is going to stop you dead in your tracks.

It’s a one-to-one ratio between effort and results in this business.

The choice is yours.

Will you remain mired in fear? Or will you quickly dust yourself off, get
back out there, and double down?

If you’ve read this far, then I think I know the type of person you are.

Let’s talk about deal flow.
                             CHAPTER 7

   7.   Deal Flow: The Lifeblood of Your
                   Business
One of the highlights of my week is the day I open my mail live on
Facebook. I’m joined by several Land Geek coaching students, land
enthusiasts, and opportunity seekers.

It’s such a thrill to turn on my camera, greet everyone, and dive into the
day’s stack of mail. Completely unrehearsed, I open each envelope and
react to what’s inside.

On a typical Wednesday, I open an envelope and find my offer sent back to
me with a magic marker scrawl:

Don’t insult me! This property is worth $35,000! F%^& you!

I laugh and toss it in the trash. My offer for the property was $1,100
because comps (comparable sales) average $4,400. That’s how much I
know I can make if I sell it on terms. (Yes, that’s a 300 percent return.
Pretty common in this business. More on that later.)

The next letter is a counteroffer. I offered $750, and they are willing to sell
to me for $1,000.

This one I might accept. Usually, I’ll start due diligence on the property and
find something that allows me to negotiate down to very close to my actual
offer price. If not, $1,000 isn’t bad for a property I know will sell for $9,500
on easy financing terms.
The next letter is another nasty insult. Goes with the territory. This is
business. The only way to buy low is to make insanely low offers. Property
owners tend to take easy offense to these, so you need to learn to ignore it.
They stopped bothering me many years ago.

The next letter is a signed acceptance. No note. Nothing but a signature on
my offer. This is the best possible scenario. If your county research is solid,
your offer is not too high or too low, and you’re mailing high volume, then
you, too, will receive a signed offer almost every day, hidden in there
among the offended.

It’s worth it.

Because I know that one signed offer is going to make me at least a couple
of thousand dollars. Easy. Usually a lot more.

So do people just mail offers to me because I’m Mark Podolsky, the Land
Geek?

I wish it were that simple. To get that many responses, I mail a lot. Not that
I ever see it anymore because the system is so automated, but every week
several hundred offers get mailed to tax-delinquent property owners.

(I know you have questions. Don’t worry, I will soon detail the exact
process I use so that you can replicate it yourself.)

You’re also probably thinking, “That’s a lot of postage.”

Yes, it is, but it’s nothing compared to the money I get back.

OK, let’s back up a bit. How do we locate distressed properties?

First things first. Let’s talk about county research.
COUNTY RESEARCH
This is the most important critical step when first starting out. If you don’t
know (1) where to mail and/or (2) how much to offer, then you aren’t going
to make any money.

In my investor’s toolkit, I outline the best counties in which to invest. This
is a list based on my years of experience in this business. I know where the
best deals are to be had because I’ve tested so many counties since 2001.

(To get your copy of               the    investor’s   toolkit,   visit    here:
www.thelandgeek.com/training

In the meantime, I can tell you that I’ve had by far the greatest success in
the southwestern United States and Florida.

The first thing you need to do is pick a county and start your research.

First, you want to check to see if there’s any buying and selling activity in
this county.

“Mark, shouldn’t I be looking for a county where there are no sales, where I
will have no competition?”

No. You actually want to do the opposite. You want to go where everybody
else is buying and selling right now.

I know this appears counterintuitive, but you will soon realize that it’s not.

There’s an old saying: “Only pioneers get arrows in their backs.”

You want to be buying and selling land in an area where there is a demand
for land. There is a demand for land in areas where there are a lot of sales.
For some reason or another right now, that area is booming. That’s where
you want to be.

What is the best way to find out where there are a lot of sales? Well, as you
may well know, all real estate transactions are a matter of public record.
You could go county by county and do painstaking research to find out
where land is selling.

But there’s a much easier way.

There are a ton of websites that list land for sale. I’m talking a ridiculous
number of them. Two of the most well-known are:

   Landandfarm.com

   Landwatch.com

Both have been around for years. On top of that, there are many, many
others.

Right now, just for fun, go to Google. Type in a state name and the word
land. For example, “Arizona land.” Then, hit Enter.

See what I mean? I just did it, too. As of this writing, here’s what Google
displayed:

   landmodo.com (my personal favorite)

   landandfarm.com

   landwatch.com

   blueskiesland.com

   billyland.com

   landsofarizona.com

   landflip.com

   arizonaland.com

   landcentury.com
   landforgood.org

Depending on when you’re reading this, the results will be different. Some
sites will close, but new ones will spring up because there are hundreds of
thousands of people—maybe even millions—whom buy land.

This can be a mind-altering concept for many newbies to this business,
mainly because you don’t hear about the land business very often in the
news or entertainment media. Even in business news, you don’t hear about
very many land deals. The vast majority of people in the United States are
bombarded with tech company news to the exclusion of many other, nearly
hidden industries.

Hey, nothing wrong with that. I love tech. (I am a “geek,” after all.) If
there’s a new app that can improve my life by 0.01 percent, I’m usually the
first person I know to download it to my iPhone and test it out.

But there’s a lot more going on out there business-wise than new Apple or
Amazon products. Quietly in the background, there are a lot of people
making a lot of money in various ways.

As I’ve already stated, I believe land is the best investment, the best passive
income business, and the best business—period. But it’s not typically
“sexy,” so TMZ isn’t talking about it. Neither is Drudge, the Huffington
Post, CNN, or Fox News.

Luckily for us, you won’t flip to HGTV or the DIY network and see me in
front of my computer hosting “Flipping Land.” It’s an unsexy niche. In fact,
go to your local REIA meeting (Real Estate Investor Association) and if
there are are 100 people in the room 99 of them will be house flippers,
landlords, or home wholesalers. You and I would be the only land investors.

But take a stroll through the land websites you find in your Google search
and you will see how vast the market for land in the United States is. It’s
one of the reasons I’m not afraid to share all I know about this business. It’s
so vast that there truly is enough business to keep us busy and lucrative for
the rest of our lives if we work it right.
Don’t make the mistake of just casually visiting these sites. Spend time
there. See where there are the most listings. Take notes. You will soon start
to recognize patterns. You will begin to see the matrix of where the most
activity is.

Truth is, activity changes year to year. One year, a county in Arizona was
the hottest place. The next year, it was one in Nevada. The next year, it
might be in Colorado.

The market is constantly changing, which is why you need to continually
perform this research. I still have my team do this every week. Even with
all my years of experience, I’m not a fortune teller. What worked last year
may not be the best investment this year. What’s a windfall this year may be
a dud next year.

Once you have your list of counties where there’s a lot of activity, it’s time
to create your plan.

Let’s suppose you’ve decided to start mailing offers to Mosquito County,
Florida.

Here’s a simple way one of my coaching students does it. Open up an Excel
spreadsheet and make a list of properties for sale there. Group them into
columns:

   List Date – Town – Subdivision – Acres – Price – Terms or Cash – APN
   – Source

Fill in as much information as you can for each property:

List Date: This is just so you know when you recorded this information. Six
months from now, prices may have changed. You want to ensure that your
information is current as well as be able to notice trends over time.

Town: This is good information to know, just as a reference point if nothing
else. Sometimes one town in a county might be priced differently than
another.
Subdivision: Same as town. Many properties are not even in a town or
subdivision, but if they are, this helps your research.

Acres: Next, group everything by acreage. You may want to cluster one- to
two-acre properties together, three to five acres, five to ten acres, and so
forth.

Price: The amount the seller is asking for the property on the land sites.
(Note: As in residential real estate, this amount can vary widely from the
final selling price. Forget that for now. We’re only establishing a baseline
idea for the amount that properties are selling in this area.)

Terms or Cash: This is important information to know. Properties priced to
sell for cash are typically lower. If the seller is owner financing it, the total
over time is almost always much higher. (Another reason the land business
is the best passive income model.)

For your purposes, you need to decide whether you’re going to be selling
for cash or terms. In the long run, terms is much more profitable. I rarely, if
ever, sell for cash. If you’re starting out on a budget, however, selling for
cash is a good way to grow your investment fund with an eye to eventually
owner finance all your sales. However, another strategy is to sell all your
properties on easy financing terms and if you need cash just sell 12 months
of payments to an investor on a site like www.tlfolio.com. You then get
your principal out to reinvest in another deal, and have that passive income
boomerang back to you 12 months later.

APN: This is the acronym for assessor’s parcel number, the standard
reference number for land parcels in the United States.

Source: The website from which you got this information. This is good to
know because sometimes you may notice that some sites are priced higher
than others.

Once you’ve collected all the data from the sites you found, add up the
totals, then divide by the number of properties you have. That’s how you
find the median selling price for that county.
For example, on your Excel spreadsheet, which contains properties that are
one to two acres, let’s say you have fifty-four of them. Add up all the prices
listed and divide by fifty-four. That’s your median sale price.

That’s the price that, for our purposes, we are deciding a similar property
will sell.

But what we want to know right now is how much we want to buy it for.
Remember, buy low, sell high. Money is made when you BUY real estate.

Here is my top secret, classified, for-your-eyes-only, don’t-tell-anyone—
wink, wink—Land Geek superduper pricing formula:

Take the median price and divide by four. That gives us what Warren Buffet
would call a “300% margin of safety.”

Yep, that’s it. Whew, tough, huh?

So, for example, if the median price of one- to two-acre properties in
Mosquito County is $4,000, then your offer price becomes $1,000.

I know what you’re thinking: why would anyone sell a property that’s
worth $4,000 for $1,000?

This concept stops many potential land investors dead in their tracks. They
cannot wrap their heads around the fact that people would sell their land for
less than its value, much less a full quarter of its value.

The truth is that there are so many reasons why a person would sell land for
a quarter of its value.

Here are just a few:

     They inherited the land and don’t care about it.
     They invested in an area that had a ton of potential for growth in a
     previous era but turned out to be a bust, and now they just want to stop
     paying back taxes.
     They’re in financial difficulty, and even a quarter of the land’s value
     would be a boon to them right now.
I could go on. I’ve heard so many stories throughout the years.

Bottom line is, they want to get rid of it. Some will even give it away.

Why don’t they sell it on their own? Because selling can be hard.
Sometimes it’s easy if you’re in the right area, but often it’s a tedious
process. These people are paying attention to their jobs, their work, their
children. They don’t have time to learn everything we know about getting
top dollar for land. And they certainly don’t want to do notes. They want
cash.

You make more money from notes (owner financing) than from cash, which
is why this business is so lucrative. But most people don’t want to hassle
with the details of owner financing. In reality, even after all these years,
most people don’t even know owner financing exists, much less how to
implement it.

The other reason to divide by four is that it leads us to a 300 percent return.
That’s the amount we usually want to strive for. Sometimes it will be a little
less. Sometimes it will be a lot more. (I routinely sell parcels for a 1,000
percent return. You read that right. One thousand percent! I told you this is
the best investment model ever. Where can you make 1,000 percent on your
money? The stock market? The roulette wheel? No way!)

Now that you’re armed with how you’re going to approach tax delinquent
property owners in this county, it’s time to get a list.

This is the next piece of the puzzle that stumps most people. But you’re not
most people because you’re reading this book and I’m arming you with
knowledge that 99 percent of the general population has no clue about.
Plus, I have faith in you.
GETTING A LIST
So, you now have your list of comps (comparable sales) and your offer
price for Mosquito County, Florida.

Next, go to the website for Mosquito County, Florida. Scroll to the county
treasurer (sometimes the tax collector in certain states).

Find the email address of the treasurer and send an email. Here’s an
example of what to send:

   Dear Treasurer,

   I’m interested in obtaining a list in Excel format (.csv or .xlsx) of all
   real property in your county that is currently delinquent for not paying
   their property taxes.

   Sincerely,

   Mark Podolsky

This list, also known as the delinquent tax roll, is your own personal gold
mine. These are people who are most likely to want to sell their land.

Why? Because they already owe back taxes on it. That’s a sure sign that
they just don’t care about it anymore. Many would just give it away to be
done with the annual tax bill.

That’s why you’re targeting this list. You want to help these people out of
their misery by offering money for something that they’re already losing
money on.

Get it? See how a lowball offer really isn’t an insult? Many of my coaching
students start out skittish about making such low offers. But when you’re
dealing with desperate sellers who just want to be rid of a tax bill, any offer
is a good offer.
Once the county assessor/tax collector sends you the list, it’s time to start
your letter writing campaign.

As I’ve mentioned before, there are a handful of ways to find distressed
properties. I told you the story of how I started by finding properties at a tax
deed auction. Eventually, I found that a letter writing campaign was far
superior.

In this chapter, we’re going to look at the letter writing campaign. It is by
far my favorite method. Why? Because it’s the most lucrative in terms of
your time and investment. Plus, you don’t need to leave your computer to
do it.

Here’s what you’re going to do: prepare an offer letter to all these people
who owe back taxes.

I’m not the only land investor who will advise you to use this process.
However, there is a huge difference in the method I teach and that of others.

Most other land investors will tell you it’s a good idea to write a letter that
basically says:

   Hey,

   We’re interested in your property. Go to our website http://www… Put
   in your name and email address, and we’ll send you an offer.

   Sincerely,

   Land Investor Joe

(Land Investor Joe is not a real person, so don’t assume I’m talking about
anybody in particular.)

Land Investor Joe’s goal here is for them to contact him, and guess what?
They immediately find themselves on a mailing list.

I completely disagree with this approach. Here’s the way I look at it:
I’m NOT in the negotiation business.

I’m NOT in the appraisal business.

I AM in the OFFER business.

I want to deal only with MOTIVATED SELLERS.
THE “TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT” OFFER
Here’s an example of a letter I might send out:

Go to www.thelandgeek.com/dirtrich for the downloadable PDF and other
resources.

As you can see, there is no invitation to talk on the phone. Yes, there is a
line for counteroffers, but this is pretty much a “take it or leave it” letter.
That’s exactly how I want it to be.

You may use this letter or adapt one of your own. Once you do, you need to
figure out whom to mail it to following everything I’ve recommended thus
far.
SCRUBBING A LIST
So you have a list. You’ve contacted the county, and they’ve sent you a
huge .csv (comma delimited) spreadsheet file.

You’re excited. You can’t wait to start mailing. You download and open the
file in Excel.

Take a deep breath. This is a defining moment in your land career. This is
where the amateurs separate from the pros.

Why the melodrama here? Because staring at you is possibly the ugliest,
most confusing thing you have ever seen in your entire life. It’s a beast full
of numbers, codes, amounts, property descriptions, addresses, names, and
various symbols you don’t recognize.

You may want to reread chapter 6, “Embrace the Suck,” once you click on
the file and see your first list because you’re probably going to feel much
like the poor guy on Star Trek who opened the box and looked at the alien
ambassador who was so ugly he caused humans to go insane.

Fear not. You will not go insane. Yes, this is going to be work. Yes, you do
need to learn how to do it. There are no shortcuts in life. You either dedicate
yourself to what needs to be done and learn it, or you don’t. It’s your
choice.

There is good news, though. Once you learn how to scrub one list, you can
scrub any list. It takes only one or two times and you’re a list scrubbing
genius, ready to pass it on to your hired virtual assistant.

But I get ahead of myself. You need to do it at least one time yourself. You
need to understand it before you can hire someone else to do it.

List scrubbing can be made easy or it can be made hard depending on your
approach to it. Let’s go back to the moment you see your first tax
delinquent list.

You’re likely shouting, “I’m done! Done with this business! I don’t get it!”
Breathe. Count to ten. There is a magic phrase for what you need at this
moment. (No, not an adult beverage.) The magic phrase is

Excel skills.

Although, to be quite honest, I’m not a big fan of that phrase. The phrase I
truly love is

Someone else’s Excel skills.

Like I said, when you’re first starting out, you need to do things yourself,
but only up to a point. You will soon discover (and I do mean really soon)
that list scrubbing is best handled by Excel experts.

But maybe you’re an Excel expert yourself. Maybe VLOOKUP is as much
part of your daily routine as breakfast cereal. If so, then great. List
scrubbing may be something you can handle without breaking a sweat.

But if you’re like most people, you’re probably not an Excel Jedi Knight.
Luckily for us, there is a virtual army out there waiting for us to hire them
to do our dirty work.

Later, I’ll talk more about automation, my favorite word. For now, just
scrub that first list (or if it’s really big, at least part of it) yourself, and then
think about hiring someone else to work it for you.

You can go to Fiverr.com, where for $5 you can get a ridiculous number of
things done. Just search for “Excel” and voilà! There’s your army of Excel
Jedis.

Or you could go to Upwork.com and hire an actual virtual assistant. You
can easily find someone in the Philippines or Indonesia with great Excel
skills for $3–$5 an hour.

Regardless of your beliefs about globalization, prudent businesses take
advantage of great deals wherever they may be located. There isn’t an
iPhone or Mac that isn’t made in China. It’s just the way the world works.
Wherever skilled labor is cheapest and available is the place to outsource it.
Perhaps there is someone in your local community or social circle who is an
Excel Jedi. Post on Facebook what you’re looking for, and you may be
surprised to find that your veterinarian’s daughter can scrub your list like
nobody’s business.

“I don’t know, Mark,” you may be thinking. “I think I’ll just do it myself.”

You may want to give it a go, but every student who has ever said that to
me has eventually hired someone else to do it. Every single one.

Think about it. You’re basically paying yourself $3 an hour if you do it
yourself. Are you currently being paid $3 an hour? I sincerely doubt it.
Would you accept $3 an hour for any type of work? I sincerely doubt that,
too. The truth is, it is much more efficient to outsource this aspect of your
business. Once you learn how to do it, hire someone to do it for you. Trust
me, it’s worth it.

So back to your new list of tax delinquent property owners. This is what to
do with it.

First, open up a new Excel spreadsheet. Create the following columns:

   APN

   Owner’s Name

   Address

   City

   State

   Zip

   Parcel Size

   Land Use Code
These are pretty much all you need to put together your first mailing. We’ve
covered everything here except for Land Use Code. Typically, all
delinquent property will be coded VL, Vacant Land, or a similar variation.

“Wait, Mark. Hold on. Don’t I need to know the amount of back taxes
owed? Isn’t that important?”

Yes, it’s important. But no, you don’t need them at this point. Again, I need
to make this clear: at this point.

Only when you get an accepted offer is it a good idea to look at back taxes.
Right now, looking up all the back taxes due for each and every property in
your offer mailing is a big waste of your time. In an ideal mailing, only 3–5
percent of property owners who receive your offer will respond. If you
spend all your time weeding out back taxes that are too high (even in some
cases worth more than the property itself), then you’re wasting your time.
Better just to mail and deal with it only when you get an offer back.

I can’t stress this enough. I’ve seen many a land business career derailed by
too much research up front. Do not do too much research on the front end!
This is a huge mistake land newbies make all the time.

Remember earlier I said that at this stage, we are in the offer business, not
the appraisal business. If you overanalyze properties now, you are wasting
time. There is a time to appraise, but it comes only after you’ve received an
offer. Note also that just because I made an offer doesn’t mean that’s the
price I’m going to pay. If the back taxes are too high, I’m going to
renegotiate.

The offer letter is only the starting point of a negotiation. I always include a
line that says “Counteroffer: _______.” If it’s within reason, I’ll call up the
person and negotiate.

“But, Mark, didn’t you say you aren’t in the appraisal business?”

True, I’m not. But I will get on the phone right away with someone who
accepts an offer.
The important thing is to get offers out the door. Mail them. Get them in the
hands of potential sellers. Then deal with issues when they come in. I do
know the taxes are delinquent. I just don’t pay attention to how much at this
point.

Now, what if the codes on the tax delinquent list are confusing? There is no
uniform code across the United States. Every county has its own
classification system. Many are similar, but some look like hieroglyphics.

When in doubt, call the assessor’s office and ask, “Do you have a master
data record that shows me what all these codes mean?” Never be afraid to
pick up the phone and call someone. Not only are you getting the
information you need, but you are also building relationships with the
people who work in the counties.

“Mark, what if I end up mailing to someone who owes more taxes than the
property is worth?”

Yes, that could happen. Like I said, deal with it if and when it happens. And
when it does, you just pass on that deal knowing that deals are like the bus.
There is another one rolling down the road if you just a wait a few minutes.

Bottom line: nothing happens unless you’re mailing. Mailing is the
lifeblood of your business. If you’re not mailing, then you’re a chicken
restaurant with no chicken.

The time to be an appraiser is not when you’re mailing. The time to be an
appraiser is when you have the offer back.

So back to your list. You’ve separated the data into columns. Now it’s time
to get rid of:

   Duplicate owners

   Other land investors

   Out-of-country owners
Why out-of-country owners? Because it’s a grind. I want things to be
smooth. No translators or foreign laws to deal with. The last thing I need is
an injunction from Her Majesty’s barrister in a white wig because my offer
violates UK law.

“But, Mark, I’m still unsure of my offer price.”

I have good news for you. There are no set fixed prices in land. They’re all
over the place. It all comes down to the landowner and how much they are
willing to accept. That’s it. End of story. In fact, this is what makes our
model so phenomenal. The market is completely inefficient.
MAILING YOUR OFFERS
Are you excited? You should be because it’s time to mail. Mailing is the
lifeblood of your business.

There are direct mail services you can use, such as click2mail.com and
others.

Or you could do as many of my Land Geek students do and use our
proprietary software system LGPASS (Land Geek Proprietary Software
Solution) that automates 90% of the business including the mailings. Just
go to www.thelandgeek.com/training to learn more about this program.

You could handwrite your envelopes, which makes for a personal feel, or
you can get a box of window envelopes from your local big-box store and
line them up with your return and mailing addresses.

If you have kids, you could do what one student does and pay them ten
cents per stuffed envelope with a stamp ready to go.

An easy way of getting started in this business is to take it one bite at a
time. A good rule of thumb in the beginning is twenty in the box.

Several of my students have used this simple mantra to mail out thousands
of offers. Why twenty? Because it’s manageable.

Seriously, who can’t get twenty offers in the mail every day? Without
automation, you can do it in less than an hour. (With automation, you can
do it in less than a minute.)

Twenty offers a day is also good because it gives you a solid hundred offers
out a week. Looking at things in chunks of one hundred helps to evaluate
your response rate.

For example, if you mail one hundred and the next week you get back three
acceptances, you know you’re doing well because you have a 3 percent
response rate. (A 3–5 percent response rate is a good target.)
If your response rate is 0–2 percent, then there is a problem. Your offer
amount may be too low. Problems are not a bad thing because they tell you
what to do next week.

Remember, it’s all about testing. Test, test, test. This applies to almost any
business. Understand that it’s going to take time, investment, and some
sweat equity to find the right county and right offer that make your sweet
spot.

Whatever you do, never stop mailing!

That is by far the number one biggest mistake I see my students make time
and time again. I have so many voice messages from even some semi-
advanced investors who say, “Mark, I was doing great and stopped mailing
because I was so busy. Now, everything has dried up, and I feel like I’m
starting over.”

Don’t let this happen to you. Does Starbucks stop getting shipments of
coffee just because they’re too busy? No, because they’re in the coffee
business. They can’t afford to run out of coffee because then they wouldn’t
be a coffee shop.

Same applies to you. If you’re in the land business, you need inventory.
Your product is land.

“But, Mark, what if it doesn’t sell?”

I can honestly tell you that since I started buying land in 2001, I’ve bought
a few clunkers. All of them sold. As in 100 percent of them.

Some of these parcels were really bad. I’m talking really stinky bad ugly
hidden in valleys of death and covered in mud. Back in the early days,
sometimes I would perform my due diligence without the expertise I have
now and end up with some truly bad parcels. I didn’t make a lot of money
when I sold them, but I made some. But my point is that each and every one
of them sold.
I cannot guarantee your experience, but I can tell you that the fear of being
stuck with a piece of land is an irrational fear. Not one of my students has
ever not been able to sell eventually, no matter how bad the parcel.

So how do you avoid even going near a bad property? Due diligence is the
answer.
                            CHAPTER 8

       8.   Know Thy Property: The Due
               Diligence Checklist
So congratulations! You have an accepted offer. You’re busting at the
seams. You want to run shirtless through a field shouting, “I’m a real land
investor, baby!”

Not so fast. You have some work to do. Now you need to ask yourself two
important questions:

   Is this really the best amount to pay for the property?

   Is this truly a good deal?

Let’s look at each of these questions to understand the importance of due
diligence.
FIRST: “IS THIS REALLY THE BEST AMOUNT TO PAY FOR
THIS PROPERTY?”
If you determine that it isn’t, then you need to adjust your offer price.

“Wait a minute, Mark. I already made an offer. Are you telling me to go
back on my own word? Isn’t that sleazy?”

No, not at all. Here’s why: remember that in your carefully worded offer
letter, you included phrases to protect yourself such as “outstanding
property taxes within reason” and a list of contingencies. You may want to
go back and review it now at www.thelandgeek.com/dirtrich.

By rescinding or revising an offer, you’re only doing what you agreed to do.
You may discover that the property is located in a remote area with no
access that requires climbing a mountain to get there. That would
significantly lower the land’s value. (Notice I say “lower” because like I
said before, all parcels sell eventually. There’s a pig for every barn.)

Another example: you receive a signed acceptance offer for $700. You
begin due diligence and see that according to the county treasurer’s website
the property owner owes $3,840 in back taxes.

Stop! That deal immediately becomes a pass. The taxes owed are much
higher than the actual value of the property. Very bad.

Let’s say the tax amount owed is a less serious amount such as $250. Now
you’re in a much better position. You’re not going to pay what you
originally offered because it clearly states in the offer that you will only
accept outstanding taxes within reason. Now you can renegotiate the offer
price.

Call up the owner and say, “I’ve discovered that you owe $250 in back
taxes. That means that I need to subtract that amount from my offer, so
unfortunately I’m able to pay only $550 for the property instead of the $700
originally offered.”
Sometimes they’ll say no. Most times they’ll see that you are their only way
out and they’ll say yes.

Another example: the person who signed the acceptance is the son or
daughter of the owner to whom you mailed your offer, acting as the
executor of the will of the now deceased owner.

If you’re working in a state where the law requires that a property goes
through probate before it can be resold, then your best option is to pass.
Some states are easier than others to work with on this as they will accept
an affidavit of heirship to avoid a costly quiet title action or probate issue.
Consult an attorney or visit rocketlawyer.com for legal advice regarding
your particular state.

Let’s look at the second question.
“IS THIS TRULY A GOOD DEAL?”
Due diligence may uncover the fact that your property is part of an HOA
(home owners’ association) or POA (property owners’ association). That
can be a huge hassle to deal with and may cost you a small fortune in fees.
(I generally advise students to stay away from these, although a handful of
students have had some success with them.)

Due diligence may uncover the fact that the property is located between two
rocky mesas, accessible only by an all-terrain vehicle (ATV), not to mention
the only county-maintained road is eight miles away and to get to the
parcel, you need to trespass on other people’s properties.

Truth is, I’ve made a few dollars selling properties like these to rugged
outdoor enthusiasts who love life way off the grid. One of my students sold
one to a paleontologist looking for dinosaur bones.

You just need to ask yourself, “Do I want to deal with the hassle of this
property?” It may take a longer time to sell, and you may not make as much
money as you would by focusing on other ones. It’s up to you.

There was one time that I failed to do due diligence on a parcel I bought. I
could have kicked myself when I saw that I had bought the side of a
mountain, nearly vertical.

“Oh well,” I thought, “just going to have to sell it for cheap.” As a result, I
listed it for sale on eBay.

Much to my surprise, a bidding war began. The amount kept going up and
up and up over the course of the ten-day auction. I actually made a lot of
money on that deal.

I got the buyer on the phone to do the closing, but I was uneasy. Unsure I
could sleep soundly that night without bringing it up, I asked him, “You do
know what you bought, right?”

“What do you mean?” he said.
“This property is on the side of a mountain. I just want to make sure you
know.”

“Oh yeah, I know,” he said.

“Oh whew. That’s a relief. Are you a mountain climber?”

“No, I’m a film director. The fees to shoot in the valley outside Hollywood
are ten times more than the price of this property, so I’d rather buy it and
shoot out there. It’s a western.”

I was floored!

See, when it comes to land, you just never know.
THE DUE DILIGENCE CHECKLIST
What are you looking for when performing your due diligence?

First, you need a copy of the deed. If you’re working in a county with an
easily accessible web platform, you may be able to just type in the APN
(assessor’s parcel number) and see a pdf of it. If not, then call the county
assessor and have them email you a copy of it.

Once you have the deed, the most important piece of information you need
to verify is that the name of the person on the deed is the person who agreed
to sell you the property. If not, then you have a problem.

Like I mentioned earlier, the legal issues are different in every state, so
consult an attorney or rocketlawyer.com. However, when you know the
person is actually the owner of the property, then you know you’re dealing
with the right person.

Next, you want to make sure the title is clean. That means that there are no
liens or claims against the owner of the property for any reason. Again, this
information is available from the assessor.

(Tip: As your business grows, you may want to consider subscribing to
homeinfomax.com. This is a great service that provides a wealth of
information about almost any property in the United States, including a full
history of liens and deeds.)

You also want to get from the assessor (or the assessor’s website if
available):

GPS coordinates: The exact latitude and longitude of the property.

Legal description: This is usually a long description including township,
range, and section. (This is the Public Land Survey System—also known as
PLSS—the current standard used to survey land in the United States. There
are better alternatives, but we’re likely stuck with this one for our lifetimes,
so get used to it.)
Property address (if available): This is the street address format you use for
your mail, such as 10 Main Street, Mosquito, FL 33500.

Plat map (if available): Shows where your property is located within a
subdivision.

Survey map (if available): Shows the actual USGS (United States
Geological Survey) map of the area.

The truth is, you often (especially in the Southwest) won’t find anything
beyond the property description. That’s OK. Many properties are located in
unincorporated areas, so they have no address or subdivision.

Not a problem. You can get this information from two websites.

“Wait, Mark. Hold up a sec here. Don’t professional title companies usually
handle all this detailed mumbo jumbo?”

Yes, they do. But when it comes to vacant land that is dirt cheap, most of
the time the services of a title company aren’t worth the investment.

My general rule (with exceptions) is if the property is $5,000 or more, I hire
a professional title company. For $5,000 or less, I generally do the title
research myself or outsource it to my virtual assistant. (Again, this is not
legal advice; this is just what I do.)

If I were to spend the high fees for a professional title company, then I
wouldn’t make money on the vast majority of properties I sell. However,
for larger deals where I sell on terms over a long period such as fifteen
years, then I will definitely spend the money and get title insurance. If you
were paying me $20,000 over a period of fifteen years for a forty-acre
parcel, you’d want title insurance, right? Of course you would.

So you’ve verified the name on the deed and you know the title is clean.
You have at least the legal description and the APN. Now what? Now you
want to take a good hard look at the property.

“You mean I have to get on a plane and go there?”
Heck no! That’s the beauty of this business. You can buy and sell land
without ever having to see it or even be near it. You can live on an island in
the Caribbean and work this business as long as you have a computer and
internet connection.

What do I mean by a “good hard look at the property”?

A good hard virtual look.

Here are two of my favorite websites:

   what3words.com

   GoogleEarth.com

You’re going to go to these sites and get all the information you need. If
you have the property address (with township, range, and section), GPS
coordinates, plat and survey maps, then Google Earth is fine. Plug in the
address or township, range, and section, and you can take a virtual tour.
(Isn’t the twenty-first century amazing? Just twenty years ago, none of this
was possible.)

If you have only the legal description, then What3Words.com will show you
the rest. Type it in, and you will be amazed at the detail you see.

Take a look at the access. Is the property easy to get to? How far away is the
road? Is there easement, meaning do you need to cross other people’s
properties to get to this one?

   What kind of terrain is it—flat, hilly, rocky?

   What type of soil—clay, sand, silt?

   What type of environment—desert, deciduous, mountainous?

   What covers the land—sawgrass, trees, dry lake bed?

   “Mark, why on earth do I need to know all this?”
You do want to sell the property, don’t you? When selling, chances are you
will be asked questions about it, so it’s good to know the answers. It’s not
the end of the world if you don’t know everything, however, especially on
an inexpensive parcel. Just tell your potential buyer, “I’m not sure. Let me
call the county assessor or planning and zoning and get that information for
you.” Always be honest. Don’t pretend to know something if you don’t. The
best thing you can do for your reputation is to always tell the truth.

If you have a large enough deal—forty acres, for example—then it’s a good
idea to hire someone to physically go to the location to stomp on it and take
pictures. There is an amazing resource just for this:

   Wegolook.com

They have independent contractors located throughout the country. For a
fee, they will send out their local agent to verify whatever you need to know
about the property. Plus, they’ll take high-definition pictures and video for
you to use in your marketing.

“Mark, all this is costing me money. Homeinfomax.com has a membership
fee. So does expertgps.com. Now you’re telling me I need to spend more
money at wegolook.com?”

Reality check: this is a business. You wouldn’t open up a restaurant without
buying some chairs and tables, right? The truth is, you’re going to have to
spend some money up front (but not a lot) to get your land business up and
running. When you look at the return on your investment, these fees
become minuscule by comparison.

There is one final step to due diligence: call the planning and zoning
department of your county. You want to ask them:

   What are the restrictions?

   What is the water table?

   What’s allowed (RVs, mobile homes, hunting, camping)?
Now that you have determined that this is indeed a property you want to
buy, it’s time to buy it.

Let’s close this deal!
                              CHAPTER 9

             9.   Deal! The Art of Closing
There are three basic ways to close a deal:

    Direct

    De facto notary

    Simplifile

My favorite method, by far, is the first one. It’s also the easiest.

I call up the seller on the phone and confirm the offer acceptance. Then I
say, “Doug, I’m going to send you a deed to sign, notarize, and send back to
me. Once we have it back, we’ll record it and then send you a check.
Deal?”

If Doug the seller says yes (which he will 90 percent of the time), then do
just that: send him a deed, wait for it to come back signed and notarized,
send it to the county for recording, wait for it to be recorded, and then send
Doug a check.

Sometimes, however, the seller will say something like, “Whoa, wait a
minute. You want me to just trust you to handle the entire process? How do
I know you’ll just take my property and never pay me?”

I respond by saying, “Doug, I’ve been buying and selling land since 2001.
My company, Frontier Properties USA, is rated A+ by the Better Business
Bureau and I have a long list of happy customers you can see on my
website. Do you think it would be worth it to me, Doug, to rob you of $800
and risk my reputation like that?”

Usually that’s enough, and the seller says OK. For you just starting out,
you’ll need a different response. You could say,

   Doug, I’m building a business based on trust. I’m eventually going to
   have a website with hundreds of testimonials from happy, satisfied
   customers. I understand you don’t know me from a hole in the wall, and
   I get that. It’s hard to trust people in today’s world. I’ll tell you what. I
   will take a video of me sending the deed to the county recorder. Then I
   will take a video of me writing you a check and sending it in the mail. If
   I do this, Doug, and all goes the way I say it will, will you please record
   a video testimonial for me that I can use on my website?

This will usually clear up any issues or concerns the seller may have.

But as you likely know, there are some tough nuts to crack out there. Some
people will insist that we go through a title company, which is just plain
ridiculous because the cost of hiring a title company is often half the price
of the property.

In a case like this, I just say, “Sure, that’s fine. But if you want title
insurance, you’re going to have to pay for it.”

When they discover the cost, they always say, “Hmm, maybe we won’t go
that route.”

If they’re still resistant, I will offer to send the check to a de facto notary
who acts as escrow. I instruct the notary to hold on to the check until after
the county records the deed.

“Mark, why do you wait until after the county records the deed?”

Because even with all the due diligence in the world, sometimes I will miss
something. The county may kick the deed back to me for a variety of
reasons, sometimes odd, strange ones unique to that county.
It’s usually no big deal. I just correct the information, resend the deed, and
it gets recorded.

But you never know. Rarely, the deed comes back with a serious issue: the
owner isn’t really the owner, or perhaps there is a margin error on the deed
which doesn’t comply with the County Recorder’s deed standards.

If I’ve sent the seller a check and the deed gets kicked back due to an error
on his side, then I’m the one who could get screwed out of my money. The
seller could easily vanish, retaining ownership of the property and my
money.

Sure, I could sue, but that also would likely cost a lot more than the offer I
sent to him. That is why it’s just a safe-and-sound idea to wait for the deed
to be properly recorded before sending the seller his money.

Nowadays, I go through Simplifile. This is an online service that securely
records deeds via email. It’s the fastest method. In some cases, the seller
could have his money in twenty-four hours.

“Mark, where do I get a deed?”

Easy. As part of my Land Geek mentoring program, you get access to
LGPASS, the proprietary Land Geek system that not only automates your
mailings, but it also automates your deed processing.

Then you can go to this neat site:

   Deeds.com

There, you can purchase deeds for anywhere in the United States. They will
also include any other supporting paperwork required by certain states.

For example, in Arizona you need to fill out a form called an Affidavit of
Property Value. Deeds.com includes this with the deed for any county in
Arizona.

Or you could look at a pdf of the old deed and just copy it. How’s that for
economical? Just open up a Word document and mimic the font and spacing
just how it was done on the previous one.

Now you’ve actually bought a property. Congratulations!

“Uh-oh, what do I do with it now?” you’re thinking.

Time to sell it!
                           CHAPTER 10

                  10.   How to Market Land
One of the best advances in the twenty-first century so far is the myriad of
ways you are able to sell things. Land is no exception.

In fact, this business would not be possible if it weren’t for websites that
specialize in selling. It started with Amazon and eBay twenty years ago and
now encompasses a variety of online stores, each with its own specialty.

I mean, come on. Name a store, and it has a website you can visit, click a
few times, and get anything delivered to your door.

Yes, even land.

Like I mentioned before, there are a slew, a plethora of land sites that do
nothing but sell land all day long every day.

Who knew, right?

Yes, these are places where you can sell your land. Yes, you have to pay
them; they’re not doing it for free.

When I started, eBay was the most amazing place to sell land. I sold my
first few parcels there, and I was hooked for life. Or so I thought.

Truth is, times change. I have no idea what year you’re reading this book,
but right now in 2018, eBay has fallen from its perch for land sales, which
is not to say it won’t rise again like a phoenix from the ashes.
But right now, the best place to market properties is—hmm, should I tell
you? Oh wait, I already told you earlier—

The Neighbors and then…

Craigslist!

Yes, that Craigslist. The same one that hasn’t modified its fonts since
Friends, Seinfeld, and ER were must-see TV on Thursday nights.

“Mark, come on. You’re not selling me on the idea that in today’s world,
Craigslist is the best place to sell land.”

Fine, don’t believe me.

Believe my friend Scott Todd, who recently sold 10 acres in Florida on
Craigslist for $9,900, $1,000 down and $199/month. (He paid $890 for it.)

Or how about Tate Litchfield, who recently sold a 40-acre property in
Oregon on Craigslist for $22,900, $3,000 down and $499/month. (He paid
$5,000 for it.)

Don’t want to believe that you can sell property on Craigslist for major
dollars? Fine, then don’t believe me. But it’s true.

Now, don’t get me wrong. I have had many amazing transactions through
the “land sites” as well as through eBay. I’m not knocking them. They’re all
fantastic and provide a great service.

But from 2008 to now, Craigslist has been my go-to place. Maybe by the
time the second edition of Dirt Rich has been published, this will have
changed, but as of 2018, this is where we are.

So what makes Craigslist such a great place to sell land?

First, traffic. In the United States, Craigslist is still the go-to message board
for buying and selling locally.
Second, Craigslist buyers are real buyers. Generally, most people who post
or browse Craigslist ads are serious buyers or sellers. They’re also bargain
hunters, which fits nicely into our niche.

So no matter where you post your ad, you’re going to need some basics in
place. You already have pictures of the property, the legal description, the
GPS coordinates, and all that you learned from the county assessor and the
planning and zoning department.

Yes, it’s good to list all that. You want to be transparent.

No, it’s not enough to just list all that. You need to now think like an
advertiser, because that’s what you are. You have a business. Your inventory
is land. You need to sell that land. No matter how wonderful that parcel of
land is, you still need to employ some marketing techniques.
THE HEADLINE
For years, advertising copywriters have sung the praises of headlines and
for good reason. Headlines grab our attention, triggering us to look at an ad.

I’m not going to repeat endlessly what others have written. There are
countless books on writing ads such as Tested Advertising Methods by John
Caples (with is possibly the best collection of headline generators ever),
Ca$hvertising by Drew Eric Whitman, and The Ultimate Sales Letter by
Dan Kennedy.

Sure, you can study those books and become a great copywriter or you
could go to Fiverr and hire someone who has read all those books to write
your Craigslist ads. If you want to build a dedicated team (which is an even
better idea), go to Upwork.com and hire someone to write all your ads
(because the truth is, you’re going to need a lot of them, much more than
you can ever imagine).

“Mark, hold up a sec. Craigslist allows you to post ads only one at a time
in your own city. Why will I need so many ads?”

Ah, young Padawan, I like your thinking. The answer lies in the Force.
Well, maybe not the actual Force, but as part of our coaching program at the
Land Geek, we offer a program called, appropriately, Posting Domination,
which is indeed Force-like. I can’t go into details here, but check out the
link:

   http://www.postingdomination.com/thelandgeek

Therein lies your answers, young Jedi. Suffice it to say that you will need a
lot of ads, but you don’t need to write them yourself.

Key words are an important element in your ads as well. You want to use as
many of them in as many varied and different ways as possible. Here are
some of my favorites:

Escape: “Escape the city to your own stunning five-acre private retreat!”
Whom are we marketing to with this word? Stressed-out city people,
outdoors enthusiasts, people who want to live off the grid, people who
might want a second home.

Steal: “Steal this five-acre parcel before it’s gone!” Whom are we talking
directly to here? Bargain hunters, deal junkies, investors.

Path of growth: “Beautiful five-acre lot directly in the path of growth!” This
is an important concept and marketing tool. I’m sure you’ve heard of people
who own cheap land who are offered ten times the value of the property by
a developer and suddenly retire.

It happens. It actually happens more often than you think.

Don’t count on it, though. That’s the age-old mistake land investors make:
betting it all on speculation.

Just ask anyone who invested in Pahrump, Nevada, in the 1960s. Touted as
the next Las Vegas, investors lined up to buy overpriced land destined for
casinos and grand resorts.

While Pahrump did grow as a community, it never reached the destination
status proffered by the developers. A lot of people lost a lot of money.

In land, as in any type of real estate, you just never know. Don’t put all your
eggs in one basket, and always do your due diligence.

Yes, it’s quite possible that an area in which you buy is on the path of
growth (and there are general indicators based on city and population
growth), but you’re better off just focusing on your M&Ms: mailing and
marketing. Buy and sell. This is at heart a volume business.

Velocity is key. Buy often, sell often. Build up your note portfolio. Soon,
you’ll have grocery money, which becomes car payment money, which
becomes mortgage money, which becomes retirement money.

So let’s review. For marketing, you’re going to advertise your property on:

   Paper letters you send to the neighbors
   Craigslist

   Facebook Buy Sell Groups

   Land sites (LandWatch, Land and Farm, etc.)

   eBay (only if it doesn’t sell for sixty to ninety days while on any of the
   other sites)

You’re going to get phone calls and emails. The vast majority of them will
be tire kickers or people who want to get information from you for a variety
of purposes.

Stay focused. Selling can take a while. It should take only thirty days. If
you did your comps right and marketed right, then that’s the ideal time
frame.

But if it doesn’t sell in thirty days, you have several options:

   Reduce your price

   Make your terms more attractive (maybe drop the payments, the number
   of months, or your documentation fee)

   List on eBay

That last one is my option of last resort nowadays. eBay used to be good to
me, but in recent years, it has become deluged with people who bid on a
property and win but then never pay.

Your only option is to complain to eBay about it. They will investigate and
return your closing fee of $35, but typically, you’re stuck losing the original
$35 (as of this writing) that it costs to place an ad.

That’s not to say that property isn’t bought and sold on eBay every day, all
day long. It certainly is. Just beware of the pitfalls.

Another reason eBay is a place of last resort is that typically you generally
sell for less. eBay buyers are notorious bargain hunters.
                             CHAPTER 11

                   11.   It’s All in Your Head
Why do some companies (and people, for that matter) succeed and why do
others fail? In all the great companies, leaders think different. Stop for a
second and absorb that.

Think different.

What company pops to mind with that phrase? Apple, right? That was their
slogan for many years, but it was much more than a slogan; it was a
powerful message to the world. Steve Jobs didn’t just invent computers; he
inspired a movement.

Jobs wasn’t content with just inventing machines that do things. He really
did think different. He envisioned a virtual army of creative-minded people
who wanted to revolutionize the world.

Regardless of his flaws, Jobs had a solid purpose, a WHY that superseded
processors, drives, and operating systems.

Let’s look at another big name in technology. In the mid-1980s, Dell was on
the road to dominating the computer market. Led by its charismatic founder
Michael Dell, Dell started to appear as the PC of choice in businesses,
universities, and government agencies.

Then something strange happened. Dell went from the next big thing to
yesterday’s news in a heartbeat. Startups such as Gateway, Acer, and Asus
invaded the market and stole revenue from Dell. Toshiba and Hewlett-
Packard launched successful offenses.
Dell soon found itself at the bottom of the barrel, bleeding and wounded by
a barrage of negative customer reviews. Why? Many have made the case
that Michael Dell was focused purely on money and profit. I can’t say. I do
not know Michael Dell, and I do admire the fact he was able to start a
company and compete in the Wild West days of PCs and the birth of the
internet.

But something went askew.

Now, don’t get me wrong. There is nothing wrong with money. I’m not one
of those anti-capitalism people who believe that making a boatload of
money is a bad thing. Not at all. If you want to be a multimillionaire,
fantastic!

But in order to sustain the levels of dedication and energy required to make
large amounts of money, there needs to be a certain rocket fuel behind the
endeavor. At first, it’s enough to want the money, but eventually, you need
something more to keep going.

Yes, big fancy yachts are nice. Yes, large homes with manicured lawns with
a Mercedes parked out front are nice (although personally I don’t need any
of that anymore). But once you get those things, you tend to feel…

…meh.

I know this is hard to read if you’re living paycheck to paycheck right now.
I understand. I’ve been in both situations. I’ve lived on the edge of poverty,
and I’ve also lived wealthy beyond my dreams.

But I learned the hard way that mansions and marble fountains are not the
road to happiness. Happiness comes from three things: your relationships
with others, your experiences, and your contributions.

The way I see it, Michael Dell accomplished his goals, rich and successful
beyond his wildest dreams. Then he was faced with a question:

“What now?”
His why wasn’t big enough to outlast the requirements for the constant
innovation required to stay at the top of the pack.

So back to Michael Dell. Brilliant and resourceful, he built a company
worth billions. But overnight, like Austin Powers, he lost his mojo. He got
into some legal trouble, was brutally knocked down in the marketplace, and
was never able to recapture the momentum of his early days.

We can speculate all we want, but I believe the big difference between
Michael Dell and Steve Jobs is that Dell’s why was growing a company and
making money, whereas Steve Jobs’s why was changing the world.

Both succeeded. But notice that once Michael Dell got there, he floundered.
Steve Jobs’s why is still ongoing, even though its progenitor is no longer
here.

Plenty of books have been written about thinking big. They’re great, but
they often miss the sublime purpose behind the reasons we do what we do.

Simon Sinek, in his amazing book Start with Why, introduces the idea that
the why behind what we do is much more powerful than the what.

Why do some people succeed in land investing while others fail? For the
same reason.

My friend and colleague Scott Todd bought my course on October 28, 2014,
at 10:21 p.m. An executive at a major American corporation, he had just
relocated to Orlando, Florida, to work at his company’s headquarters.

The very month he arrived, Jim Cramer of the TV show Mad Money
featured Scott’s boss on his infamous Wall of Shame. Soon thereafter,
Scott’s company went through a period of turmoil. The CEO was ousted,
and the executive team was outsourced, including Scott, who had bet the
farm and moved to Florida.

Scott suddenly had a really big why to get involved in land investing: his
wife and kids. Here he was in a new home, suddenly unemployed.
Scott’s why was paramount: feed my family. Not only did Scott work day
and night to build his land business, but he also became my top student and
business partner.

What is your why?
THE TWO-HOUR WORKWEEK
I like to joke on podcast interviews that my next book should be The 2-
Hour Workweek, sarcastically mocking the Tim Ferriss book, The 4-Hour
Workweek.

The fact is, I do work “in” Frontier Properties about two hours a week
simply managing our acquisition manager and the virtual assistants.
Nevertheless, I work “on” the business constantly. The E Myth by Michael
Gerber discusses in detail how most entrepreneurs build a job for
themselves rather than a business that can operate without their
involvement. I worked tirelessly for five years creating systems,
automation, and delegation.

I have come to the stark realization that I have about eleven thousand days
left on Earth according to the Chrome plug-in Death Clock. As a result, I
am vicious with how I spend my limited days left on this blue spinning
rock. I like to always say, “I can make more money, but I can’t get more
time.” So I will literally invest any amount of money to save myself time.

In order for this book to remain relevant, I don’t want to list all the software
applications I use today to automate my business, as just in the past twelve
months, so much of what I used to use has changed to better, less expensive
options.

Simply put, between LGPASS, the Land Geek virtual assistants located in
our office in the Philippines, and GeekPay.io, I have created a true machine
that operates without my involvement. I want you to do the same.

If after reading this book you feel overwhelmed by all the moving parts,
take a nice deep relaxing breath. Every pain point I have in this business has
been solved by systems, delegation, and automation.

It is now time for you to adopt an entrepreneurial mindset.
AN ENTREPRENEURIAL MINDSET
Do you think Kevin Johnson, the CEO of Starbucks, is whipping up your
Frappuccino in the morning? Of course not. He is working on the strategy
and exploring new, potentially lucrative growth opportunities to maximize
shareholder value. That’s it. He is simply building something bigger than
himself. In your land business, you are doing the same thing.

It all starts with the discipline to step back and create a system that is so
clear, simple, and concise that anyone can execute it. I will create a system
for my business and have my thirteen-year-old daughter read it, and if she
doesn’t understand something, then it’s back to the drawing board until it’s
perfectly clear.

When this happens, you become bulletproof. You are not vulnerable to a
virtual assistant quitting or a key employee deciding they want to travel the
world with a dude named Cole. The system is what remains, and the person
executing it is secondary.

A must-read book for every entrepreneur is Virtual Freedom by Chris
Ducker, as he outlines a step-by-step system to working with virtual
assistants—how to hire them, what to pay them, and other critical issues to
begin working with the best talent on the planet.

Remember to ask yourself every day when you are working “in” your land
investing business and gaining confidence, “How can I remove this task
forever?” Even if it takes you only five seconds to complete, that’s five
seconds you just saved forever. You are now freeing up your time to work
on only the important areas of your business to drive growth such as
marketing and sales.
MY FAVORITE WORD: AUTOMATION
There has never been in the history of business a better time to be alive.
Software systems are so powerful and relatively inexpensive. What once
took me twenty minutes a day to complete paperwork now takes literally
two seconds (of course, I don’t personally do the paperwork either
anymore). If you aren’t geeking out over automation systems on a daily
basis and keeping up with the powerful, inexpensive programs that can run
your business, you are missing out on huge time-saving opportunities.
Please refer to www.thelandgeeek.com/dirtrich pdf to see the current
software solutions we are implementing to automate our business.

Again, I don’t want you to get bogged down in technology. I ran my land
business for years using virtual assistants for my mailings and excel
spreadsheets. That’s it. It worked, but it certainly didn’t promote any type of
growth. I just hit a point of plateau and couldn’t figure out why, until my
first mentor, Ori, looked at my systems and scolded me for creating a job
for myself.

I then started working at least an hour a day on stepping back, creating
systems, and looking for automation tools to save time. I was a man
possessed. Even today, I will try anything if it can possibly save me time
and, even better, if it saves time and money.

From mailings to due diligence, to closing with your seller, to marketing, to
closing with your buyer and managing the note, 90 percent of this business
can be run with a few inexpensive virtual assistants and software.

There is no better feeling waking up to money in your account when you
personally didn’t have to expend any effort to make that money hit your
account. It just was automatic because you took the time to build a true
business and not a job for yourself.
                           CHAPTER 12

       12.   Avoiding the Biggest Mistake
I received an email from one of my coaching clients who was struggling.
He had been working our program for three months and getting frustrated
he wasn’t seeing results. He started to doubt if the program would work for
him. He wanted to know the all-important question: when do I quit?

I love watching Shark Tank with Mr. Wonderful Kevin O’Leary, an abrasive
billionaire. He’s kind of like the Simon Cowell of Shark Tank, not really
caring about the feelings of the entrepreneur. He doesn’t want them to waste
their time on a business that just won’t work out.

He sees flawed models all the time: the market is too small, the
manufacturing is too expensive and there’s not enough profit, they’ve been
working at it for years and still can’t break through due to competition, etc.

My answer to when to quit is this: thirty-six months. If in thirty-six months
you have worked a focused two hours a day in land investing and it hasn’t
moved the needle in your life, move on. It’s really and truly not for you.

Whether it’s land investing or any other entrepreneurial venture, you need
to have grit. You need patience, and you need to be kind to yourself. If you
aren’t enjoying the journey, that’s good; it means you are uncomfortable.
One of my favorite quotes is by Tim Ferriss, author of The 4-Hour
Workweek: “A person’s success in life can usually be measured by the
number of uncomfortable conversations he or she is willing to have.”

It takes grit to be uncomfortable and get knocked down again and again and
still be determined to get better each day. If you are reading this book, I
guarantee you have the grit to make our land investing model work for you.

When you combine a powerful “Why” along with the intellectual
knowledge of escaping solo-economic dependency you have an
unstoppable determination to fuel your life’s purpose in ways you have yet
to discover.

I have no passion for the raw land I acquire. I have passion for what this
land investing business has provided for myself, my family and my clients.
Financial security, freedom and flexibility of how to manage my days. It
has provided time for me to focus on what really makes me truly happy.
The quality of my relationships, helping others and growing personally and
professionally.

The sad truth is most people won’t every accomplish their dream of total
financial and time freedom. They will get derailed by obstacles real or
imagined. They will make excuses and move on to the next hot make
money trend.

If you don’t want to be one of those people, now is the time to commit to
those 36 months of daily effort and kaizen. Of course, we can be your
sherpa up the mountain of land investing success and help you get there
more quickly and safely, but it will still be an arduous exhilarating climb.
My advice is don’t go it alone. If you don’t want the Land Geek community
to be your mentor on your climb, no worries. But, find someone whom has
already accomplished what you want to accomplish and simply follow their
footsteps. No reason to re-invent the wheel and suffer just to suffer.

I wish you well on your journey and I’m so grateful that you took the time
to learn more and explore what I consider the best passive income model.
Feel free to email me directly if this book has made any type of impact on
you. My email is mark@thelandgeek.com.

To close, I think Zig Ziglar the motivational speaker said it so eloquently:
“If you’ll do for the next three to five years what other people won’t do,
you’ll be able to do for the rest of your life what other people can’t do.”

Thanks for reading this book.
To engineering your success,

Mark
           Additional Resources
Learn more at www.thelandgeek.com.

Resources: www.thelandgeek.com/dirtrich

Free Facebook Group: The Official Land Geek Wealth & Motivation
Group
                    Acknowledgments
When I first thought about writing a book about my story and land
investing, I was filled with doubt and fear. I thought, “Who do you think
you are to write a book? Why would anyone read your story or take your
advice?” Then I thought about my children and how I could be a role model
for them. So I thought, “Why not me? I’ve accomplished some cool stuff.”
Nevertheless, I think it takes a certain amount of hubris to put your thoughts
in hundreds of pages and think you actually know something well enough
that you should share it with people. That being said, if not for the
following people, I would have never written this book, and now it’s up to
you, the reader, to let me know if this was folly or not.

If not for the following people, I can tell you life would be like living in an
old black-and-white TV show instead of color. All of the following people
have had such a positive impact on me and the creation of this book. My
gratitude for you has no limits.

First, I am thrilled to thank my beautiful, talented, and hilarious wife,
Rachel—marrying her has been my best decision in so many ways. Through
twenty years of ups and downs, she has weathered it all in good humor and
understanding. She is the best wife, mother, and friend that I know. Her
unwavering support has allowed me to grow in ways I didn’t even know
were possible. She is my rock, and I feel blessed every day to wake up to
her smiling face. Boo, I truly love spending this life with you and feel so
blessed and humbled by it all.

My three children, Noah, Elan, and Ella, are my big “Why.” The three of
you teach me every day about the power of curiosity, patience, and priority.
Even though I annoy each of you on a daily basis, it is my way of trying,
albeit awkwardly, to connect with you. You teach me about humility,
uncertainty, and unconditional love. I am so proud of the people you are and
can’t wait to see the contribution you make in this world. You three inspire
me daily.

The Land Geek team comprised of Scott Todd, Tate Litchfield, Mike Zaino,
Scott Bossman, Erik Peterson, and Danielle Clark DyBall is truly
extraordinary. We are a small bunch, but each of you work so hard to help
others accomplish their respective dreams, and it’s truly a joy to work with
you every day. All of you have contributed so much individually in so many
ways, from Danielle running the show (which is a nice way of saying doing
just about everything LG related), to Erik helping with the cover on this
book and providing so much advice, and Scott Todd just being the
personification of what one person can accomplish in this business when
they focus and “move their feet.” Tate, Frontier Properties continues to
thrive because of all your tireless efforts, and I’m so grateful. Plus, you are
the best land-investing coach combining passion with encouragement in a
way I wish I could bottle and drink every day. Mike “Zen Master” Zaino,
you have been such a calming force to the community in so many ways, and
I’m so appreciative of all your hard work. You are pure gold. And, of
course, Scott Bossman, you have been a pleasure to watch grow from client
to coach, and I’m so proud of your accomplishments. My gratitude for all of
you is so deep and profound, and I know I don’t say thank you enough to all
of you, but please know that I am so thankful and appreciative.

The Land Geek community is thriving and growing. From every coaching
client, Flight School client, and investor’s toolkit owner, I am so humbled
and privileged that you allow us to help you achieve your passive income
goals. Thank you for all your support and feedback to help us improve and
grow. I love meeting all of you at our quarterly boot camps and seeing in
person how amazingly smart and talented our community is at those events.

I have many mentors and friends to thank—too many really—and I’m
deeply fearful of leaving anyone out and hurting someone’s feelings. As a
result, if you are reading this, then you know I include you and I thank you
for all your support and encouragement throughout the years.

I want to thank the talented people at Lioncrest Publishing—especially Julie
Arends for keeping me calm during the entire process and being there for
me every step of the way.

As a first-time author, this was a fantastic experience.

As I end each podcast, “Let freedom ring…”
                     About the Author




Armed with $3,000 and no real estate experience, MARK PODOLSKY
bought his first parcels of land in 2001. Now, he is the owner of Frontier
Properties, a successful investing company, and has completed more than
five thousand lucrative land deals. He is also the founder of geekpay.io, an
automated collection system that helps lenders get payments from
borrowers without collection headaches.

Having escaped the corporate world and solo-economic dependency
himself, Mark works as a coach and mentor to help others achieve their
financial freedom goals. He is dedicated to teaching current, relevant, “real-
world” investing methods to his students.
               This file was downloaded from Z-Library project




Your gateway to knowledge and culture. Accessible for everyone.




z-library.sk          z-lib.gs            z-lib.fm         go-to-library.sk




                        Oﬃcial Telegram channel




                                 Z-Access




                   https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Z-Library
